Title: 2007
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/February_2007
Categories: Honest Articles, Chronology, 2007
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
Chris in 2007.
Graph showing the Google-popularity of the terms Sonichu (blue) and Christian Weston Chandler (red). 2007 is marked in Mellow Yellow.
On 11 November 2007, Chris felt uploading a drawing of him fingering his best friend was the best way to protest the creation of his ED page.
On 11 February 2007, Chris made a DVD about himself.
On 8 May 2007, Mary Lee Walsh gets it in Soul Calibur III.
July 2007
On 26 October 2007, this picture is taken at The GAMe PLACe.
One of the images Chris drew on 11 November 2007.
2007: the year we made contact.
The second half of the year 2007 shows some important developments within Christian Weston Chandler's life.
Firstly, Chris enters and loses the PaRappa the Rapper contest, leaving him disillusioned and enraged.
Secondly, he discovers a satirical page written about him on Encyclopedia Dramatica. These two injustices lead Chris into a bitter, long and frustrated rage, eventually giving spark to certain deep, complex and mysterious aspects of madness within his person, that, when revealed, would prove to be a decisive factor leading to obsessive trolling in 2008.
Contents
1 Events of 2007
1.1 February
1.2 March
1.3 April
1.4 May
1.5 June
1.6 July
1.7 August
1.8 September
1.9 October
1.10 November
1.11 December
2 References
Events of 2007
February
11 February - Chris makes the cover for his "Yep, I'm on TV" DVD.
19 February - Chris starts making the slideshow for his DVD.
21 February - Chris sends an email to Ms. Sanford, his middle school teacher, telling her about how his life has been.
22 February - Chris finishes the slideshow.
24 February
Chris's 25th birthday. A party is thrown at what appears to be The GAMe PLACe.
Chris releases his "future message".
March
4 March - Chris sends an email to his half-brother Cole in an attempt to reconnect with him. He asks if he'd like a copy of his new DVD.
5 March
Chris draws the cover of Sonichu #7.
Chris apologizes to Megan for criticizing her story ideas.
6 March
Megan tells Chris not to draw her animal characters with breasts.
In response to an email from Chris about the DVD, Cole Smithey expresses his history with and disdain for Barbara and Bob.
Chris cashes in his first My Coke Rewards points, beginning a campaign that will see him consume more than 2,500 bottles worth of Coke.
10 March - Chris buys the Officer Nasty Fantasy Doll and "The Best of Amateur Angels".
17 March - Chris realizes that he is able to afford a 60GB PlayStation 3, so he goes out and invests in one.
18 March - Chris bids on a used copy of Mortal Kombat Advance (for the Game Boy Advance) on eBay.
26 March - Chris posts some complaints about the PS3 on his PSN blogs.
29 March - Chris makes a few more posts to his PSN blogs, leaving some of the same complaints he did on the 26th.
April
24 April - Pokémon Diamond and Pearl are released in the US.
26 April - Chris posts to his PSN Blogs, claiming he is looking forward to the Adult Swim games featuring the Aqua Teen Hunger Force and Harvey Birdman.
30 April - Megan tells Chris for the umpteenth time to stop touching her, and says she is only a little annoyed.
May
1 May - Chris creates a video of himself beating up Mary Lee Walsh in Soul Calibur III.
7 May - Chris tells Megan he's also created a video depicting her fighting in Soul Calibur.
8 May - Christian creates his first YouTube account and uploads his Mary Lee Walsh Soul Calibur video.
June
June - Chris stops working as a volunteer assistant Gym Leader at The GAMe PLACe.
4 June - Megan tells Chris about her infatuation with a video game character.
6 June
Megan leaves for Kentucky.
Ran Coleman Yeatts, Cole's biological father, dies.
15 June - Chris makes a few posts to his PSN Blogs, complaining about internet issues with Go Puzzle, and announcing he has found a way to play Guitar Hero on the PS3.
27 June
Chris states that he is saddened, as Megan has left for Kentucky. He misses her.
Chris cries with his mother whilst thinking of his late dog Patti.
28 June - Chris sends another email to Megan discussing Patti and video games.
29 June - Chris makes his PaRappa the Rapper video and enters Chop Chop Master Onion's Rap Showdown.
July
3 July - Chris sends another email to Megan in which he chats about his activities at The Game Place and says he misses her.
4 July - Chris sees Michael Bay's Transformers movie with his mother.
6 July - Chris fills in Megan about new Soul Calibur cards and says he misses her.
7 July - Christian buys a Velvet Touch masturbator, a Silicone Superstud Power Ring and a Titanium 5-Star Video Collection.
11 July - Chris again writes to Megan to discuss video games.
14 July - Chris goes to a rummage sale with his mother and tells Megan all about it. He gets featured in his local newspaper, the Daily Progress.
15 July - Chris tells Megan about a Spanish soap opera he bought with his My Coke Rewards points, and problems with his ear.
16 July - Chris buys himself an Officer Nasty Love Doll (in contrast to the Fantasy Doll bought in March), A&E Hot Action Lotion in Strawberry, "Carmen & Friends", "The Perfect Secretary" and a "Wicked Hot Pics Photo CD".
18 July - Chris hears his PaRappa video has made it to the final rounds. He is overjoyed. He emails Megan that he wants her to accompany him to Seattle if he wins.
20 July
Chris sends an email to Susan Hannifan, a counselor at Piedmont Virginia Community College, telling her to vote for him in the PaRappa contest.
Chris also sends an email to Cole requesting his vote as well.
21 July
Cole responds to Chris with more hostility towards their parents. Chris tries flattery to persuade Cole to vote for him in the contest.
Chris updates El PokéSite de RWC 2 and "CWC's Vroom-A-Zoom!," his Hot Wheels site, to tell people to vote for him in the PaRappa contest.
Someone leaves a cryptic negative comment on Chris's MySpace page.
22 July - Anna tells Chris she voted for his PaRappa video and wishes him good luck.
23 July
Megan's 21st birthday. She is still in Kentucky, and Chris misses her.
Susan Hannifan responds to Chris's email and says she will vote for him in the contest.
Chris makes a post to the PSN Blogs, urging people to vote for him in the PaRappa contest.
Cole tells Chris that he'll vote for him if he can find out the name of his real father. Chris responds that according to their mother, it's Jack Dale Smithey.
24 July - Cole tells Chris that their mother is lying about the name of his biological father, and asks Chris to tell him when "that fuck Bob finally drops."
28 July - Chris fills Megan in about his activities at The Game Place and again shares his fantasy about going to Seattle with her.
31 July - The polls for the PaRappa contest close. Chris makes several posts to the PSN Blogs, urging people to vote before the polls close, and wording his anxiousness.
August
1 August - Chris makes a few posts to the PSN Blogs, talking about PS3 and his wish to be able to understand Japanese.
2 August - Chris updates CWC's Pokésite 2.
3 August
Adam Stackhouse wins the PaRappa the Rapper Contest. Christian, to put it mildly, is not happy.
Christian immediately sends an enraged e-mail to Sony. He is furious because he didn't get the opportunity to impress Megan.
In an e-mail to Megan, Christian admits to cheating to win the PaRappa the Rapper Contest.
4 August
Christian writes another angry letter to Sony, explaining why the other contestants should be disqualified.
Chris curses Adam Stackhouse in his PSN blog, which results in an admin serving him with a (probably one month) ban.
5 August - Chris informs Megan that he has complained to Sony about the rule violations by Adam Stackhouse and other contestants.
6 August - Chris updates CWC's Sonichu Site!
7 August - Chris apologizes to Megan for supposedly calling her his girlfriend in the PaRappa Contest, and professes his love for her.
8 August
Megan sends Christian an angry letter, complaining about his clingy behavior, and that she is happy he lost the contest as she didn't want to go on a trip with somebody who wouldn't stop touching her. She says that they can either remain solely as friends, or never see each other again. According to Chris: "It hurt so fucking much, it took me weeks to recover."
Christian apologizes to Megan for his behavior.
Chris sends yet another e-mail to Sony, apologizing for his anger, but still thinks he has won.
10 August - Sony responds to Christian's e-mail. They don't take him seriously.
Sometime between August 3 to possibly August 10 - Chris uploads CWC is Angry.
13 August - Christian writes to Megan about having confessed his love to her.
15 August - Chris bids on a Megatron Leader Class action figure on eBay.
20 August - Chris buys himself another Officer Nasty love doll, possibly because his other one suffered an internal injury. He also purchases a "Mystery Feature", "Redlight Girls", "Extreme Behavior 2", and "Signature Series 10: Shayla LaVeaux".
31 August - Chris tells Megan he will resume his Love Quest in September.
September
4 September
Bob's 80th birthday. Chris makes him a cake.
On the PSN Blogs, Chris complains about not being able to go online.
5 September - On the PSN Blogs, Chris replies to a blog concerning login problems.
12 September - On the PSN Blogs, Chris talks about PSP update 3.7. He also talks about his login problems.
22 September - Chris posts a message entitled, "I WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS INJUSTICE!!!!" on his MySpace Sonichu Group.
27 September - On the PSN Blogs, Chris makes a few posts, one asking if he can use a HEXBox controller on a PS3.
October
1 October
Megan says that she is glad that Chris has backed off from his advances. Chris replies that he still pines for her.
Barb turns 66.
2 October - Chris is confronted by a jerkop at Alderman Library.
3 October - Christian buys a LAI MI Asian sex doll.
4 October - Chris emails Megan, saying that he intends to keep going to Alderman Library for his sweetheart search.
19 October - Christian shows hostile behavior towards a friend of Megan.
20 October - Christian apologizes to Megan for his hostile behavior. He blames it on his homophobia.
21 October - Megan is annoyed with his behavior and tells him he should mind his own business.
26 October The day that the trolling of Chris began. He is photographed at the Game Place playing Pokémon. The same day, he gets mentioned in a Something Awful thread (Requires Archives account to view), originally about fellow lolcow Ulillillia, by a student at the University of Virginia who saw Chris at Alderman Library that day looking for a boyfriend-free girl.
27 October - Due to the Ulillillia thread getting derailed, a thread on SomethingAwful is created about Chris, titled "Sonichu and his quest for a boyfriend-free girl". (Requires Archives account to view, mirror.)
30 October - Some guy asks Chris how he's doing in a MySpace comment.
31 October
The SomethingAwful Sycophant Squad (SASS) creates a thread on Chris titled Sonichuuuuuuuu...
According to Chris, the Encyclopedia Dramatica page is created. (According to the history, it was created a few days later).
On the PSN Blogs, Chris asks a question about God of War.
A troll posing as PaRappa the Rapper pokes fun at Chris in a MySpace comment.
November
1 November - "PaRappa" and another troll mock Chris in MySpace comments.
2 November - According to Chris, on this day he discovers the ED page and becomes furious. This is contradicted by the date of the page's creation.
3 November
The Chris-Chan article on ED is created at 5:45 PM (Ruckersville time) by Jason Kendrick Howell.
Evan collects some of the best images from 4chan's Fan-Art thread and e-mails them to Chris.
Chris emails Megan that he was freaked out by Evan's fanart, and that he's informed a deviantArt member about copyright violation.
4 November
Chris discovers the ED page made about him, and angrily e-mails a link of the "hellish embelishment [sic] of [his] person" to Evan. He then demands that Evan draw a picture of Rosechu "masturbating and squirtin'".
Vivian Gee sends her first email to Chris, telling him that she has a similar but not identical character to Sonichu, and would appreciate it if Chris said it was original.
Chris updates CWC's Sonichu Site!
Chris uploads his FUTURE MESSAGE to YouTube.
5 November
A white knight tells Chris via e-mail that people at 4chan's /v/ board are making fun of him, and that they have made an Encyclopedia Dramatica page for Chris.
Chris tells Barbara that he had been photographed at the Game Place, and she goes mad.
In e-mails to Anna, Chris tells her that he's discovered his ED page. He also discloses that he has been chatting with Lori Lopez, a fake sweetheart created by Christian's old friend Joshua Martinez.
6 November
Somebody sends an e-mail to Chris, claiming that Chris has stolen his Sonichu character, and that Chris must take down his Sonichu comics in one week or face charges. Chris ignores the e-mail.
Vivian responds to Chris about her earlier e-mail by ranting about how he is the one that makes his life suck. She ends by telling him to fuck off and die.
Chris uploads five more old videos to his YouTube channel.
7 November
Christian shoots a video asking to have the ED article edited to "better reflect his personality".
Vivian sends one last e-mail to Chris for a long time, asking him to throw away his medallion.
9 November - Barbara goes to the Game Place and questions manager Michael about the picture that was taken. She asks to be offered a seat, but as there is no seat, she has to sit on the floor. Michael tells Chris that if he brings up ED once again, he will be banned from the store.[1]
10 November - A picture of Goatse is added to the ED page, and Christian finally breaks down and creates the Reldnahc account to remove it. He then begins rewriting the article in a more favorable light towards him.
11 November - In response to she-male and homoerotic Sonichu fan art on the ED page, Chris draws five Rule 34 drawings and adds them to the article in protest. Most feature his Sonichu characters; one in particular depicts himself fingering a woman who is later identified as Megan.
12 November - Chris adds entries from his diary, details about how he lost Megan, and information about his sex doll Officer Nasty to the ED page. By now Chris has willingly provided 90% of the information that will be used to mock him henceforth.
14 November - Chris updates his Sonichu site.
15 November - Christian tries to hack ED using HTML. It doesn't work.
18 November - Chris emails Megan about activities at The Game Place and sends her a picture of Lori Lopez.
19 November - Chris tells Megan that he'll be meeting Lori soon.
23 November - Chris buys a 160 GB SATA hard drive for his PS3, greatly increasing its storage space.
30 November - Megan asks Chris for help obtaining some German music.
December
18 December - Chris sends Megan a reminder about their get-together tomorrow at The End Games.
26 December - Chris buys Kimmi, the anime love doll, on Adamandeve.com, probably because his parents didn't buy it for him as a Christmas gift.
28 December - Once again, Chris returns to editing the text of his ED article into a more positive one.
30 December
With a new ED account, "Chris-Chan", Chris starts vandalizing ED.
Christian writes the poem For My True Love, I Would…
31 December - Chris sends his recently completed poem to somebody in contact with Megan, and tells her to send it to her.
References
↑ Megan Emails, 2008
CWChronology
Introductory Articles:Introduction and Terminology · Timeline · Saga
By decade:Pre-1980 · 1980s · 1990s · 2000s · 2010s · 2020s
By year:
1990s
—
1999
2000s
—
2000 · 2001 · 2002 · 2003 · 2004 · 2005 · 2006 · 2007 · 2008 · 2009
2010s
—
2010 · 2011 · 2012 · 2013 · 2014 · 2015 · 2016 · 2017 · 2018 · 2019
2020s
—
2020 · 2021 · 2022 · 2023 · 2024 · 2025
By month:
2008
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2009
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2010
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2011
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2012
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2013
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2014
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2015
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2016
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2017
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2018
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2019
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2020
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2021
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2022
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2023
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2024
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2025
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
By Era/Saga:
Meta: Love Quest • Transgender • Business • Financhu Crisis • Roleplay • Dimensional Merge • Praetor
Pre-Christory: Early Childhood • Nathaniel Greene • Bearstein • High School
Early Adult Chronicles: PVCC • GAMePLACe • Megan • Stackhouse
Classic Chris: ED • Blanca • Jimmy Hill • Clyde Cash • PandaHalo • Miyamoto • Julie • PS3 Hacking • Emily • Ivy • Vanessa • CWCipedia • Liquid • Asperchu • Tito
Dark Ages: First Exile • Jackie • Calling Out • Second Exile
Renaissance: Catherine • Sonic Boom • Lady Managers • Pmurt • Doopie • Quinn
Transcendental Awakening: Idea Guy • Prequel Comic • Guard Dog • TTS • GOPony • Jacob
Rise-N-Fall: Copitz • TF2 Analysis • Arbitarch • Secret Shipfic • Watchmen • Saint • ProjectSNT • Chandler's List • Lainchu • Crystalgate • KwaiiSandbag • Warhol • Twilight • Incest
Silent Years: Jail • Third Exile
Second Coming: Revelations
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=2007&oldid=354226#February"