Title: Anaxis bird
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/A_Future_in_Motion
Categories: Lainchu Saga, CWC-isms
================================================================================

On 13 March 2021, Chris posted both his Affirmations List and his Lovers Attributes List in the Place Discord server. When he did this, he opened the discussion of the lists with the following:
“
I will be writing out a list of my past and lingering self-criticisms and judgments, as well as a counter-list of affirmations to better motivate and remind my body and brain that it is safe to utilize its powers and abilities.
”
[1]
Which was then followed by:
“
Perhaps you all may have heard how I came onto this from an Anaxis bird.
”
[1]
After this, coupled with Chris's dissatisfaction with The WCT taking on the role of Lainchu, the Watchmen present in the server were concerned of Chris's mention of the "Anaxis bird", and came to believe that Anaxis was still influencing him under the Lainchu persona, despite him previously getting banned from the server. Following from this, they had a very averse reaction to both lists, as well as the release of Anaxis' fourth Chronicling A Medium's Guidance, and even discussed means of attempting to brainwash Chris in order to dissociate him from Anaxis.
All of this eventually led to The WCT, and by extension the rest of the Watchmen, abandoning the Lainchu character entirely, and they began enabling Chris's fantasies through the use of other characters and lolcows.
Contents
1 Etymology
2 Watchmen Reaction
2.1 Gallery
3 Dissociation Plans
3.1 Gallery
4 The Enabling
5 A Future in Motion
5.1 The Chronicling
6 End of Imposter Lainchu
7 See Also
8 References
Etymology
On 9 March 2021, Chris sent Anaxis a handful of messages he requested him to chronicle, viewing Anaxis as the "one true channeler".[2] Chris regarded the messages as "guidance" he received from a "very insightful medium", who Anaxis would later learn was Molly the Medium. On the 13th of that month, Chris, assuming that Anaxis was still friendly with the other Watchmen and that they knew he was still talking with him, made the announcement about Anaxis' new chronicling, declaring how they're aware of coming onto it from an "Anaxis bird".[3]
What Chris had likely meant when he referred to the "Anaxis bird" was, under the assumption that Anaxis told the other Watchmen about the upcoming Chronicling, that Anaxis was meant to record the information that Chris requested that he put in A Medium's Guidance, one of the Lainchu Chroniclings. However, the phrase Chris had used appears to be a mangling of the phrase "a little bird told me", which is used to indicate that a piece of secret information had been received from an undisclosed source, implying that Anaxis was secretly telling him to make both of these lists. Because of this, coupled with Anaxis' recent banning from the Place server, and Chris's dissatisfaction with this decision, the Watchmen became worried that they were losing Chris's interest, and that Anaxis could be manipulating Chris.
Watchmen Reaction
On 15 March 2021, the Watchmen The WCT, MKRNightVee, and Kyle discussed Anaxis and his supposed plans for Chris, and they misattributed the lists to Anaxis.
15 March 2021
Nova
Anaxis is still giving Chris ideas.
The WCT
How do we know this.
Nova
Chris conatantly [sic] mentions it.
The WCT
Is Anaxis still Lainchu to Chris?
Nova
He's always referred to him as Anaxis. So there's that.
MKR
It's a problem
The WCT
great, there's a dispute over the identity of Lainchu.
I'm the true and honest Lainchu.
Nova
We can use the SD thing.
As something only the real Lainchu would know.
The WCT
SD?
Nova
Chris gave me a dimension because I asked.
SD-49
The WCT
hmm.
Nova
Canonically we can place them there, whatever, basically a blank slate for the lore other than that I run it and it's for basically dimensional refugees.
The WCT
So everybody in here but Chris recognizes me as Lainchu?
Nova
Chris tentatively does, eventually still will.
The WCT
he's coming around (as seen in the previous chat we had).
Nova
Just that he's receptive to Anaxis manipulating him on some pretense that he's sorry.
Anaxis got him to do the list he made recently.
If you get it, don't share it, I don't think Chris marked it, but I said he should, because Anaxis will eventually.
The WCT
This Lainchu crisis is like the shit over who the real president of Venezuela is.
what will happen if Anaxis shares it? (edited)
Nova
Chris will be able to ID the leaker.
The WCT
And Anaxis is finished?
Nova
I hope.
The WCT
I haven't gotten anything from Anaxis in nearly a month now. he either now knows that I've replaced him as Lainchu or he believes I've withdrew or something. lol
Gallery
Dissociation Plans
“
Jfc.
I
Am
Lainchu
”
The WCT's reaction to Anaxis seemingly controlling Chris.
After Anaxis had posted the Chronicling onto the CWCki, this only made the Watchmen, but especially The WCT, more furious. In the discussion that followed, Kyle comes up with the idea to convince Chris that The WCT's Lainchu is the real one, and The WCT begins plotting with him. Notably, The WCT had compared this plan to the incidents regarding Liquid Chris.
17 March 2021
[REDACTED]
Looks like Anaxis is still being Lainchu. He posted this chronicling from Chris.
https://sonichu.com/cwcki/A_Medium%27s_Guidance
Wonder if that medium is the Molly the Medium woman Chris followed on Patreon last month.
Nova
Still trying to make Anaxis be less pissy with me.
Probably Molly.
https://www.mollythemedium.com/
The WCT
Except he's no longer recognized by the Watchmen as "Lainchu".
Nova
This kind of states otherwise, makes me wonder what Anaxis has been saying outside of this.
The WCT
Is this the Liquid Chris situation again?
lol.
Nova
Basically, but Chris will obviously gravitate to the bigger simp, or possibly the one that at least tells the biggest line about FATED shit.
MKR
So fucking stupid
The WCT
Jfc.
I
Am
Lainchu
Nova
If we wanted to use this to break 2 lies at once. Did you bring up the SD-49 thing yet?
The WCT
Not yet.
Nova
Basically, a whole "I believe you've been fooled by people misrepresenting themselves as my true host, Lainchu is currently in SD-49 and it could serve as a means of positive identification going forward."
But this psychic medium shit, Chris has wasted at least 70 dollars so far...
Wait, 125.
MKR
Eww
Nova
It's ambiguous in terms of the format.
One of the two.
The WCT
this looks so obviously edited that Its sad to look at.
Impostor Lainchu (The WCT)
yeppers.
Nova
I think that was a the [sic] message he allegedly sent to someone else to post, i.e. himself.
bold text
Impostor Lainchu (The WCT)
So does my predecessor have another Discord account called "Lainchu"?
Nova
It's the one he used, so, ya.
Lore reason, he's bitter that he was found to be unsuitable as a host.
Impostor Lainchu (The WCT)
that might explain a lot.
Now it makes more sense to me why Chris talks to Anaxis still.
And to be honest, I don't blame him at all.
When you have multiple Lainchus in your DMs, you'll be left confused as fuck. lol
Nova
Maybe change the screenname to Lainchu (Current Host)?
Impostor Lainchu (The WCT)
or maybe, Lainchu (SD-49)?
Nova
But then Chris'll say its an alternate version.
Even if I can point out later that it's technically not possible for that to be true
Impostor Lainchu (The WCT)
The Lainchu he's talking to in DMs when compared to the Lainchu he's speaking to in the place are completely different people.
I feel like part of the reason why Chris hasn't completely caught on to mine is because he knows that other Lainchu a lot longer.
it may sound obvious, but Chris might have some sort of emotional connection with Anaxis.
Nova
Chris uses it because it's an in to Anaxis. He's shit at relationships, so the fact that Anaxis is barely there and basically gone, that's why he wants me to bring him back.
Gallery
The Enabling
A few hours after the Watchmen began plotting, Chris sent Anaxis the following:
“
Just checking, but you still have the connection with Lainchu, herself, right? And if so, what is the her [sic] present location and her general status?
”
[4]
Before Anaxis responded, he decided to ask his "sources" for intel regarding the Watchmen's plotting, and received over 30 screenshots of them continuing their plotting, with them even sending many bits of lore towards Chris through DMs.[4]
In the DMs, The WCT started by sending Chris the following while still roleplaying as Lainchu:
Chris. - The Lainchu you're giving information to is an imposter with no direct relation to the original host at all in any capacity. It is true that this individual was the host at one time, but has since then lost the ability to utilize my powers.
You can verify my integrity by confirming with Kyle at my present location SD-49 information relating to the general state currently.
An imposter wouldn't be able to accurately recall current information.
Chris responded with:
Ah, but if one were genuinely wanting to identify themselves in confirmation, and since our multi-dimensional ally, the actual Lainchu, of whom you'd be channeling, generally knows for facts that their actions would be and have been genuinely proven over a facet amount of time, or valuable amount of information. In other words, confident in themselves to be the legitimate one-and-only, and that feeling being illuminated from their energies and aura. On that, there would be no need to find confirmation from a neutral party who would possibly favour one or the other, regardless, with possible intentions.
Therefore, in your insistence of proving yourself through such an outside individual, you have, in fact, outted yourself as the impostor, because you know internally that you are not genuine, as exemplified through, again, your energies and aura.
Plus, to a multi-dimensional individual who can take possession of one in this universe, a host is a host, unless that host has proven loyal to them in genuine self-actions, outside of possession.
After this, The WCT appears to try and convince Chris further, leading him to respond with asking him what planet WCT's Lainchu is from:
Well then, demonstrate.
Tell me about the present and recent general state, and nothing I've posted or tweeted about.
The WCT responds with:
As of right now, I currently reside on the planet Sanctuarion, where it has a population of 46,194 OCs that are currently on the run or threatened by the chaos from their respective dimensions. Its capital is Ecumenopolis, named after a philosophical concept of a city that encompasses an entire planet or is almost entirely vertical.
The technology is around 1950s level, industry is still expanding and we're using the skillsets of those from other dimensions to bring about this. We're largely self-sufficient owing to your initial resources and staffing given. So far, everything is going well and we're working on future efforts to decide how to start ramping up operations.
A Future in Motion
After Chris's question to Anaxis and Anaxis' discovering of the Watchmen's enabling, Anaxis, knowing that the question indicated skepticism from Chris following the enabling from the Watchmen, decided to make an exception to his rule on not enabling Chris and gave him new lore:
Yes, I still have the connection. As of this moment, she is temporarily residing in Dimension X-51, on the planet Dexium, where she is studying among the Whisper Travelers, a group of scientists that dedicate research towards biotechnology, nanotechnology, and most importantly, interdimensional travel and portal creation. The current aim is to find an effective system for quantum tunneling between dimensions that tend to be harder to breach, such as R-484 and, notably, C-197. The Travelers want to open borders between dimensions, and Lainchu is learning from them, seeing if there is technology that can be utilized to help achieve this goal, or at least, attain research that can be brought back to you. She is hard at work, a little tired, but diligent as ever.
Why do you ask?
Chris approved of Anaxis' answer, much to his surprise:
Good answer. The “Current Host” was trying to demonstrate themselves and their link with Lainchu with me, because they were feeling inadequate compared with you. They’ve told me yet another event involving Lainchu in recent days, but it didn’t resonate with me. But reading your fact resonated with me moreso, so I have verified it further that you continue to be stronger in link and authenticity.
Chris then detailed all of the new lore that the The WCT and Kyle were telling him to Anaxis, where they both discuss the "medium" again, and Chris claiming that he "knew" that Kyle was the one behind the false depiction of Lainchu.
Chris then gave Anaxis permission to chronicle what they discussed afterwards, which Anaxis did afterwards and named A Future in Motion. He delayed posting the Chronicling, waiting for Chris to answer his Q&A first and to avoid giving the Watchmen anything to use against him. He intended to leak the Chronicling several months later, as Chris had not answered the Q&A, but delayed it again as a result of the Incest Call leaks. Anaxis finally posted the conversation that he had in his Manifesto, which detailed his time as Lainchu, among other going-ons amongst the Watchmen.
The Chronicling
17 March 2021
Hello Chris! Just checking in, hope that you're doing well. Is there anything you want me to chronicle, or do you feel ready yet to answer some questions? Let me know, thanks! (edited)
Just checking, but you still have the connection with Lainchu, herself, right?
And if so, what is the her present location and her general status?
18 March 2021
Yes, I still have the connection. As of this moment, she is temporarily residing in Dimension X-51, on the planet Dexium, where she is studying among the Whisper Travelers, a group of scientists that dedicate research towards biotechnology, nanotechnology, and most importantly, interdimensional travel and portal creation. The current aim is to find an effective system for quantum tunneling between dimensions that tend to be harder to breach, such as R-484 and, notably, C-197. The Travelers want to open borders between dimensions, and Lainchu is learning from them, seeing if there is technology that can be utilized to help achieve this goal, or at least, attain research that can be brought back to you. She is hard at work, a little tired, but diligent as ever.
Why do you ask?
Good answer.
The “Current Host” was trying to demonstrate themselves and their link with Lainchu with me, because they were feeling inadequate compared with you.
They’ve told me yet another event involving Lainchu in recent days, but it didn’t resonate with me.
But reading your fact resonated with me moreso, so I have verified it further that you continue to be stronger in link and authenticity.
Here is what they said was recently happening with Lainchu, or even one of her self-counterparts, possibly:
As of right now, I currently reside on the planet Sanctuarion, where it has a population of 46,194 OCs that are currently on the run or threatened by the chaos from their respective dimensions. Its capital is Ecumenopolis, named after a philosophical concept of a city that encompasses an entire planet or is almost entirely vertical.
The technology is around 1950s level, industry is still expanding and we're using the skillsets of those from other dimensions to bring about this. We're largely self-sufficient owing to your initial resources and staffing given. So far, everything is going well and we're working on future efforts to decide how to start ramping up operations.
And for a while now, I myself have been helping out the people of Sanctuarion by engineering a system that would allow anybody to travel between dimensions to here. So at the moment, we're trying to maintain isolation as much as is practical when you're dealing with dimension hopping.
And, as I am sharing this with you, I am getting a Deja Vu moment; I have foreseen this event in a dream some time ago.
Still on the right tracks.
😊⚡️💙⚡️
Ah yes, the impostor. I'm glad that you are able to see past their lies.
My abilities with this body in this universe have improved.
[I reacted with
to the above message.]
That's great to hear!
The self-love and working with my body internally is working out splendidly.
Still getting a number of things better learned into this noggin on the powers and everything else, but the medium’s reading, as well as their brief lessons about three of the Clair abilities (clairvoyance, clairaudience and clairseniance) sparked something big within this noggin.
Back on previous topic, I tend to believe what the impostor was referring to was Kyle’s idea of a sanctuary universe that would have worked with the merge.
They did also mention Kyle as a reference to validate themselves, which that was a dead giveaway.
I knew that if the individual was genuine, they would have remained most confident that their intentions would be most legible with me through their energy and aura, and no external reference would have been required.
Indeed. This is pointing towards some form of desperation on their part, although what their aims are, I've yet to figure out.
I could sense that Kyle might be the mastermind behind this particular circumstance.
He’s continued to express frustration, because I, nor Sonichu, had not asked for his input on much having to do with the Dimension Merge in quite some time.
My Claircognizance had improved further so as well, after having seeded from my constant link with the Cosmos and other universes, timelines, dimensions, and self-counterparts.
So, if I had a question, regardless of wording, I just simply ask it in my mind or verbally outward, and then I would fairly quick answer my own question with the facts downloaded into my subconscious and streamed into my conscious, and so on.
Hm, I see. Self-reliance is good, although I must admit that it is helpful to get second opinions sometimes. It's all down to how confident you feel in your own answers.
True.
But as the medium have made clear from I, and the rest of us, my body had relied too much on external individuals and things for validation.
Especially since the greater and more accurate answers were as easily attainable thorough meditation and mental linkages.
Plus, as Magi-Chan and I had foreseen, and in the months’ time over the past year, Kyle’s science and logic were rather proving lacking on certain tangible and intangible details.
His knowledge, as high as it is, is best directed towards the project that he has manifested under his own abilities and powers that work well and above his present comprehension, even if he had meditated, as he said, he didn’t do so deep enough.
His plans and project at the present are on good progress, and will not fail for the time in which they are required for these set of events, and then beyond the Merge’s fullest completion.
But, some time after 1C-211987 has been brought back to once again by the reunion of 1218 and C-197, Kyle’s project will be destined to fall apart, and everyone within will have to return to their own respective homes in escape pods and so on, those that have chosen to stay behind post-merge, that is.
I will talk with Kyle about this some later on.
Interesting. Yes, communication is key during a time like this.
As always, let me know if there is anything you wish for me to chronicle, and I will gladly do so.
Tell you what, you may chronicle all that I have just told and confirmed of the present event and plans of Kyle’s.
😉⚡️
Very well. Thank you!
End of Imposter Lainchu
“
Chris is so far gone that you might as well just have fun.
”
The WCT's justification for abandoning Lainchu and feeding Chris new lore.
On 18 March 2021, Chris sent a few more messages in The Place, outwardly rejecting the fourth Lainchu entirely and revealing that he saw through the ploy to replace Anaxis.[5] He wrote:
Unlike a certain "Current Host" on here who is not selling me adequately. Definitely sense our Lainchu within Anaxis moreso than this dude.
Plus, Anyone can learn the present conditions of the sanctuary project just by talking with Kyle.
The WCT then reacted to this by stating that he was abandoning the Lainchu character altogether, as he began roleplaying with Chris about his own dimension, W-2000, which involved him expanding upon his Randy Stair lore.
See Also
A Medium's Guidance
Molly the Medium
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 File:Anaxisbird.png
↑ File:AMediumsGuidance.png
↑ User:Anaxis/The_Lainchu_Manifesto#A Medium's Guidance
↑ 4.0 4.1 User:Anaxis/The Lainchu Manifesto#The Lost Chronicling: A Future in Motion
↑ The Place chats (March 2021)#Rejection of the Fourth Lainchu
Lainchu Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server • Cwc frens • CWC Questions • Praetor
People: Chris • Lainchu (Naught • Klop • Anaxis) • Imposter Lainchu (The WCT) • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Val • Larry Vaughn • Caden Peck • Bella • Molly the Medium
The Documentation
Lainchu Chroniclings: The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Discord Q&A: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12
Other: Anaxis DMs • Question Depository
The Games
Q&As
Imposter Lainchu:
Other:
CWCki Server Discussion
Chris's Invite into the CWCki Server
Ultra Director Textwall
Anaxis Ban
Guilt Tripping
Masturbation Discussion
"Anaxis bird"
Affirmations List
Lovers Attributes List
"Fuckery Afoot"
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Crystalgate
The CWC-tionary
Relationships:
Attraction Location |
Boyfriend-free girl |
Darling |
Dating education |
Friend Zone |
Gal-pal |
Heart Level |
Infinitely-High Boyfriend-Factor |
Love Quest |
Noviophobia |
Sweetheart |
Sweetheart from the Ground-Up
Sex:
China |
Duck |
Mass debating |
Negligent |
Pedofork |
Pickle |
Recycling |
Soul Bonding |
Virgin with rage |
Virginia is for Virgins
Sexuality and Gender:
Hermaphrodite |
Homos |
JERKS |
Muscle bra |
SLGBTQ |
Un-clit |
Women's rights
Himself:
Biological clock |
Butt garments |
Captain's Log |
Christian Love Day |
DIRTY, CRAPPED BRIEFS |
Fuzzy-Wuzzies & Prickly-Wicklies |
Honest Content |
I'LL BREAK YOU DEAD |
Monthly tugboat |
Random-access humor |
Saga |
Scale of Respect
Stressors:
4-cent_garbage |
GOPony |
HEXBox |
Jerkops |
Kick the Autistic |
Manajerks |
Naïve |
Niggos |
Pmurt |
Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens |
Slow-in-the-minds |
Tobacky |
Toxic Trio
Fantasies:
Anaxis bird |
Curse-ye-ha-me-ha |
Dimension |
Fangs |
Iron Curtain |
OC
Comics:
Anchuent Prophecy |
Da Update |
Electric Hedgehog Pokemon |
Nombie-zazis |
Parody |
Rosechu |
Sonichu |
Sub-Episodes
See also: Chris and English | List of phrases Chris copied from media
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Anaxis_bird&oldid=333558#A_Future_in_Motion"