Title: Anime
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Anime
Categories: Things bought with taxpayer money, Pages with fan videos, Articles of the Now, Hobbies, Things Chris has ripped off, Things Chris likes
================================================================================

YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!The contents of this page have been bought with taxpayer money!
Chris has liked anime since at least 2000.
Anime (アニメ) is a colloquial term for Japanese animation, a rather popular style that's been subbed/dubbed/emulated for its many hit series worldwide, drawing the attention of many loyal followers, including Chris. Over the years, Chris has taken quite an interest in the medium. Whether it be for inspiration or self pleasure, it's managed to make itself quite a large part of Chris's life. Chris enjoys the artform to some extent, as well, although it's not his primary obsession; nevertheless, he's watched a lot of anime, bought plenty of anime through the PlayStation Network, and swiped as many ideas as he can get his head around from his favorite anime series.
Contents
1 Chris and anime
2 Anime and Sonichu
3 Anime Chris has ripped off
4 The End of Evangelion
5 See also
6 Fan videos
7 Sources
Chris and anime
Sailor Chris.
With Kasuo Saiki, 2022
It's not clear when Chris first discovered Japanese cartoons, although it's safe to guess that Pokémon or Dragon Ball Z were the seeds that sparked his interest, as it was for millions of other kids in America during the turn of the millennium. He was a serious Pokémon enthusiast by the late '90s, and by 2004 he had enough interest in anime generally to attend the Anime Mid-Atlantic convention in Richmond, Virginia.
While Chris is often associated with online anime culture and is often slapped with the "weeaboo" tag, he actually doesn't appear to be into anime as much as people think he is. He returned to Anime Mid-Atlantic in 2005, but wouldn't go to another convention for years, and even then the only anime-oriented convention Chris has been to ever since was OmegaCon. (He considered a trip to Baltimore's Otakon convention in 2010, but primarily as a way of meeting Jackie in person.)[1] In his posts on the Adult Swim forums, he didn't have much to say about the Japanese imports on the Adult Swim schedule, except to note that he didn't like the cartoonish male nudity in Crayon Shin-chan (big shock there) and he wanted to see more anime featuring "very-close-to-nude girls" (even bigger shock).
Chris still ripped off characters and story concepts from anime left and right, however, and he still watched some newer anime series. His PSN account shows that he downloaded the entire "harem" comedy-drama Shuffle! in 2009; given that it stars a hapless twit who finds himself surrounded by willing women for no very good reason, Chris probably loved it (he has yet to comment on the scene where the main character got his eye cut by his psychotic galpal). He also downloaded all of Gunslinger Girl in early 2010, doing plenty to undermine his contention that he isn't a pedofork.
Chris summoning his stand,「Let Me Call You Sweetheart」.
According to his Netflix queue from around November 2009, Chris rented a number of anime in big DVD sets. His anime sets centered around three of his likes: Sonic, Transformers and scantily-clad women. In terms of Sonic, only three disks were seen rented, all three centered on Sonic X. It is more than likely that before the queue was taken, he had seen the other disks that comprised the series. While he had most of the Transformers series that were made in the last ten years, some of those were part of the Transformers saga known as the Unicron Trilogy: Armada, Energon and Cybertron.
The rest of the anime, as stated earlier, revolves around women — strong women who are capable of defending themselves without simpering over a man, unlike some creatures we all know and love. Some of those films and series included Read or Die, Slayers Return, Elfen Lied and, probably the least surprising of all, Kekko Kamen, a comedic action series featuring a heroine who battles evil while stark naked. The last series might have had a particular impact on Chris, as the face-rape of Jason Kendrick Howell in Sonichu 8 is very similar to Pubic Hair Jump, a move by which the title character of Kekko Kamen defeats her enemies. Elfen Lied is a rather surprising choice for Chris given its notoriously dark and gruesome imagery and themes, but given certain elements of the series, perhaps it's not too surprising.
In his chats about sex with PandaHalo, Chris mentioned that he's watched some pornographic anime, colloquially known as "hentai", but he didn't go into any further detail.
During Chris's interview on the Internet Dream Lounge, he would recommend the shojo series Nana when asked what anime series he would recommend.
The Idea Guys used images from Symphogear and Sword Art Online Alternative Gun Gale Online as part of their brainwashing of Chris. Chris has watched a few episodes of Symphogear, and has noted how one of the characters in the series, Chris Yukine, is referred to by the lead character Hibiki as "Chris-chan". He hasn't made any word on Sword Art Online, but does own SAO: Lost Song for the PlayStation 4.
In 2020, Chris made the somewhat dubious claim that watching Cells at Work! would strengthen one's immune system against coronavirus.[2] He also posted about BNA: Brand New Animal.[3]
While in jail in 2022, he drew art inspired by The Disastrous Life of Saiki K., indicating he saw it before he went in, or may have picked up the manga in the prison library. He mused on coffee jelly, a Japanese delicacy hard to get in the U.S.
Anime and Sonichu
SO KAWAII! UGUU~
Although Chris was interested in anime before he began drawing his Sonichu comics, he didn't start giving the characters in his comic an obviously anime-inspired look until Sonichu #5, which he completed in the spring of 2006. This was almost certainly the result of Megan Schroeder's influence — she was a big fan of Sailor Moon and other popular Japanese cartoons, and Chris was pursuing her especially fervently at the time. Practically speaking, this shift in style involved giving his characters huge, prismatic, saucer-like eyes, which make them look more stoned than animu, or "set-theoretic intersection" (∩) eyes. He also made use of creative elements that work in anime but not in a sequential comic, as well as tedious and unnecessary clichés common to anime.
Needless to say, despite the radical artwork style change in his comics, Chris still was cockblocked.
Since his relationship with Megan deteriorated (eventually blowing up in his face), anime hasn't been so obvious an influence on Chris’s artwork. He still goes overboard with the giant saucer eyes from time to time, though.
Anime Chris has ripped off
Main article: Things Chris has ripped off#Anime
So pitiful, it's true. An example of Chris's anime-inspired artwork.
Like every other form of entertainment he enjoys, Chris views anime as a rich source of ideas that he can swipe and integrate into his own "original" works. Aside from the most obvious victims of his anti-creativity (like Pokémon), these are some of the shows he’s abused.
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo: The My Little Pony greeting card that Chris gave to Mimms mashed this series up with Naruto.
Cutey Honey: Chris quotes, almost word for word, Cutey Honey's transformation speech in Sonichu 5. It should be clear why he even knows about Cutey Honey.
Dragon Ball: Chris's infamous curse-ye-ha-me-ha attack is directly lifted from a similar attack from lead character Goku. Chris's Colossal Chan transformation from Sonichu #10 is also based on the Super Saiyan 4 transformation featured in the Dragon Ball GT series.
Excel Saga: Consciously and otherwise, Chris has lifted (and butchered) dozens of jokes from this series. Chris also briefly attempted to copy a dating "strategy" from the series.
Fullmetal Alchemist: One of Chris's My Little Ponies is based off of main character Edward Elric.
Inuyasha: The entrapment of Wes-Li Sonichu in Sonichu #2 rips off the similar entrapment of Inuyasha's title character.
Also Chris named Inuyashachu as one of The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus.
Macross Frontier: Blanca traced her illustration of Jiggliami over a character from this series, and Chris unthinkingly traced over her tracing.
Pretty Cure: Chris's wonder-twin team-up with his sister Crystal in Sub-Episode 8 lifts from this popular magical-girl series, one of Megan's favorites.
Sailor Moon: Chris ripped Sailor Megtune from here, obviously, among many other things.
Samurai Pizza Cats: In a spectacular display of unoriginality, even by Chris's standards, he swiped this title to give to CWCville's platoon of robot defenders. Apparently they deliver pizza in their off hours.
Serial Experiments Lain: Lainchu, a character that Chris created for the Watchmen, was named after the main character, Lain Iwakura.
Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann: Simonchu and Simonla Rosechu were inspired by this series, although Chris probably doesn't realize that.
Yu-Gi-Oh!: Chris has made many fanmade Yu-Gi-Oh! cards depicting himself and his creations. In Sonichu #5, Chris would depict Sarah Nicole Hammer's husband-to-be, William Spicer, as a character from the cards.
YuYu Hakusho: Chris's Zap Cannon attack in Sonichu #10 bears an uncanny resemblance to the protagonist's Reigan attack.
The End of Evangelion
Art made by lilbooty wipe.
A commission Chris traced from a scene in the movie. Unironically one of his better drawings.
Ivy got Chris to see The End of Evangelion, a movie that serves as an alternative finale to the anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion to the final two episodes of the series, to help incentivize him to finish the tenth issue of Sonichu.[4][5]
Chris's summary: A generic tale of a boy's struggle for acceptance... a lot like him. Chris apparently didn't see any symbolism in the film (yes, in a franchise infamous for its usage of it), or if he did he's too stupid to see what it symbolized.
Chris's favorite parts:
The Misato and Kaji sex scene (where you'd see only feet), because it made him feel that he was a big boy and that he was watching a no-kids cartoon.
The Rei Angels that were kawaii and had boobs.
The internal struggles of Shinji.
Chris didn't like:
Asuka freaking out.
Everyone turning into orange tang juice.
Rei Angels getting turned on by stabbing themselves.
Rei melting everywhere.
The unhappy ending, because as we all know, he can't stand anything that's even remotely depressing.
Chris was familiar with Evangelion prior to watching the movie at Ivy's behest, "but not really a heavy watcher".[5] Despite this, Chris owns a soap dish in the shape of the character Rei Ayanami, as pictured in his hotel at Anime-Mid Atlantic in 2005. It's likely that Chris saw this item at the convention, didn't even register the figure as an Evangelion character, and bought it because he thought a soap dish with a "hot anime chick" on it would make for a fun novelty item. (That, and Chris spends a lot on stuff that he does not need.)
The End of Evangelion is known for its usage of the song "Komm, süsser Tod" ("Come, sweet death"), performed by Arianne Schreiber, which is played during its apocalyptic climax. This song has been used by Christorians and other certain followers as a theme song for the end of Christory, especially after the incest situation became public.
See also
Anime Wings
Anime Mid-Atlantic
Adult Swim
Japanophilia
Shojo Beat
Fan videos
My Name is Christine Weston Chandler (Kira)
Click to load content
Direct link
Youtube, archive
Stardate
15 November 2019
Made By
Greystar2426
Subject Matter
Anime
Video Type
Animation
Other Info
Parody of a famous monologue from JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Chris Chan : The Anime Series : OP #1 Kimetsu no Yaiba / 鬼滅之刃 - Gurenge / 紅蓮華 (LiSA) (Cristina Vee)
Click to load content
Stardate
3 October 2021
Made By
sheWIND
Subject Matter
Anime
Video Type
Animation
Other Info
"If Demon Slayer starred Chris Chan instead of Tanjiro Kamado, this would be the opening for the show! This focuses on the Classic Era of Christian Weston Chandler, Creator of Sonichu and Mayor of Cwcville, before transitioning to Christine Weston Chandler. Some characters and events that are include are Manchester High School, Charlottesville Fashion Square, Piedmont Virgina Community College (PVCC), Rosechu, Angelo of Morioh, Godbear (Leonard Bearstein), Jerkops, Bob Chandler, Angelo Casper (who used to live under his house), Isabella Janke, Linkara, Barbara Chandler, Bubbles Rosechu, Punchy Sonichu, Angelica Rosechu, Crystal Weston Chandler (Chris Chan's Twin Sister), Pickle Dio,
Liquid Chris, Clyde Cash, Surfside Tito, the man in the Pickle Suit, Jason Kendrick Howell, Adam Steakhouse, Jack Thaddeus, Mary Lee Walsh, Cakefarts, Patti the Dog, BlueSpike, Colossal Chan, the Sonichu Ball Crystals, CADD Chef, and even Sonic the Hedgehog himself! "
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Sources
↑ Jackie E-mails 12
↑ March 2020 social media posts
↑ July 2020 social media posts
↑ PVCC post by Ivy's friend: Notable Favorite Parts of End of Eva 1. Misato/Kaji sex scene(Where you only saw feet) Reason: It made him feel that he was a big man and that he was watching no Kid's Cartoon. 2. The Rei Angels that were Kawaii Reason: Kawaii~ 3. The internal Struggles of 1 boy Reason: unknown Theory: Probably sees himself as Shinji being constantly trolled by Auska, ect. What is Chris' Summary of End of Eva: An generic tale of a boy's struggle for acceptance...a lot like him. What Chris thought he saw: Symbolisms(IN MY EVA?) What Christ didn't like about Eva 1. Everyone turns to orange tang juice Reason: Unknown, Chris fears Death? Everyone at least got to see their lover before they died(even if the love was 1 sided). But that would require chris to understand it. 2.Rei angels getting turned on by stabbing themselves. Reason: Unknown. 3. The Doom and Gloom end Reason: Cause Chris don't like the bad news. 4.Auska freaking out(I don't wanna die) Reason: Draw your own thesis. Chris has made no mention of Shinji fapping to to the comatose auska. Why? we don't know. Final Question. Did Chris even understand what he even saw? Answer: We're guessing no.
↑ 5.0 5.1 Ivy Q&A
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Anime&oldid=350283"