Title: April 2018 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/April_2018_social_media_posts
Categories: 
================================================================================

This page is an archive of Chris's major social media posts during April 2018. Posts are sorted by date. Notable comments will be included and color-coded for reference.
Contents
1 Support for flat-chested women
2 Begging for sales on Cole's stuff
3 Desperate for money
4 Concerning the Buy Shin Megami Tensei Nocturne video
5 Brown hair sucks
6 I'm bisexual
7 An extra bible
8 Another beg
9 Autographs removed from toys
10 CWC cosplayer is hot
11 Updated Facebook profile to note bisexuality
12 Idea Guy 2.0?
13 About the dick-licking video and Shadow Resident
14 "Celebrating Friendship"
15 He wants $600+ to go to BronyCon
16 Brainwashing from Idea Guys
17 Exercising on a treadmill
18 Selling a Fit Meter
19 A birthday "surprise"
20 Happy Bisexual Day
21 Selling porn art, debt collector after me
22 Covering for Jack
23 Will provide house tour and suck dicks for money
24 Chris is a cunt
25 Blaine in Kansas, a trolling bully
26 Crush on Kevin James
27 #MakeBryCry
28 I know people are worried
29 Gay for Bryanfrogboy
30 Introducing Cryzel Rosechu
Support for flat-chested women
6 April
I’m taking a moment to acknowledge the flat-chest women of our worlds. And also offer my most heartfelt apologies to any and all of them who may have been offended with my past depiction of large breast size within my pages and drawing pieces. Thank you. ❤️🌈
Begging for sales on Cole's stuff
6 April
As Seen in the recently uploaded video; Come On Down and Buy Cole’s Things Right Now to help my mom and I, Please. We need the money here, that is for sure. And KISS is Full in this Very Special Folder Of Cole’s! You’ll get Great Bang for your Dollar!
Desperate for money
9 April
All of Cole Smithey’s Remaining Sargent Rock Comic Books, in a single Lot Sale and Collection. For Immediate Sale; Please Buy Now.
Selling my Wiimote and Nunchuck! For Immediate Sale!
@SaraHeartsSonic asked:
But... how will you play the Wii now?
Chris answered:
I Sold It weeks Ago.
Chris linked to the Sargent Rock comic listing
PLEASE, BUY NOW! My mother and I Have to make Two Payments to our Mortgage Company This Month!
Concerning the Buy Shin Megami Tensei Nocturne video
9 April
A fan asked:
I think an admirer of Shin Megami paided Christine 100$ to do one of those paid request videos.
Chris:
No
The fan:
Ah, I thought it was paid like the dancing videos. So it was a freebie?
Chris clarified:
More like I was desperate for money, and I was Trolled into doing it thinking I would get money, but I did not.
Brown hair sucks
9 April
Choose a hair colour
He put up a poll.
Dark blue
Teal
Brown
Results were, respectively, 28%, 30% and 42%.
Really? The majority wants my hair to make me feel like a loser when I look at it?
He then deleted the poll.
I'm bisexual
10 April
I realized with my sweethearts that I am a Bisexual, so I will be needing to get a Bisexual Coloured Flag to replace this one; Celebrate Lesbian Pride for yourself, with my full kindness and support.
He linked to an eBay listing for the flag.
An extra bible
13 April
I thought I had an extra bible and wanted to sell my old one, but I realized I didn’t.
So, the Bible is not for sale, after all.
Another beg
13 April
Please, help me and my mother here; we are very low on money right now, and we need to sell everything on my eBay that I’ve listed.
Please, Buy My Things Now!
Autographs removed from toys
15 April
Following complaints about the signatures on his Transformers, listed on eBay, devaluing the toys:
ALL Marker Ink from the autographs have been removed from the Transformers I am selling. Check out Transformers Cybertron GALVATRON
He linked to the eBay listing.
SERIOUSLY! All marker autographs have been removed from these old figures; Please, Buy Them Now.
A fan:
Nope.
Chris shot back:
The ink is gone now, anyway. So, Shut Up and Buy My Toys, please.
The fan replied:
Not gonna get anyone to buy your toys with that attitude.
Chris answered:
I’m not meaning the attitude, and I am sorry for the tude, but I am really Pressed here.
The fan suggested:
Why not donate some plasma?
Chris replied:
My blood is no longer acceptable, because the Bloodmobile has a law against it able to accept Blood donations from Transgender individuals.
Fans discussed why Chris removed his autographed, with one pointing out that his signatures should add value. Chris commented:
Well, y’all have missed out on my autograph on Any of them now. So, NOW, Please, Buy Them From Me!
CWC cosplayer is hot
15 April
Spinalpalm linked Chris a Twitter profile of @fetusbabe, a woman who cosplayed as him. Chris commented:
At least you came close on the shirt; too bad it isn’t a Ralph Lauren shirt, like The Shirt of mine is.
Show me the shoes you wore with that ensemble?
She replied:
just some shoes similar to this, not like what you'd wear but it went well with the rest of the outfit
Chris:
Well, may I say, in honesty, You look Totally Awesome and Hot. Whoever gets you is a Lucky Person! :)
fetusbabe:
thanks a bunch! :)
Updated Facebook profile to note bisexuality
15 April
Oh! I forgot to update my Facebook Profile: I am a Bisexual Transwoman. Thank you.
He updated the Basic Information section to note this, and that he was "interested in men and women."
Idea Guy 2.0?
16 April
Bryanfrogboy:
I started working in this #ChangeTheChannel comic. Not sure if anyone would be into it.
He posted a comic page depicting Doug Walker, aka the Nostalgia Critic, who at the time was facing many misconduct allegations.
Chris:
I had not heard much of the Nostalgia Critic yet, but in Cwcville, apparently, Christine and the Hedgehog Boys made a song about him, “The Nostalgia Critic Did Nothing Wrong!” So, some of my family and species likes him. Cool. :)
This is a reference to the "Hitler Did Nothing Wrong" meme, another example of trolls planting Nazi references in Chris's work.
About the dick-licking video and Shadow Resident
16 April
Chris made the following post on Facebook:
**Attention!** I have remembered this “ween” who is addressing me online, and the events that took place that he had mentioned. I shall be recording my apology to him in a while. Do Not Dox Anyone!
He then uploaded With Apologies to Mister Resident‎‎.
On Twitter, a fan asked:
Is this related to that dick licking video?
Chris replied:
No, not at all whatsoever. I impulsively did that one video of my own will; no one was in control of me at all.
The fan:
Thanks for explaining, I'm still confused why this teacher wanted an apology for making you cry.
Chris:
Moreover, I’d say the apology was for ignoring him a year later, and for him ending up in major mental trauma for years. He just wanted peace of mind.
Another fan commented:
I'm amazed you were able to recall all of that - my memory is pretty poor, especially of things that happened at school. It is never too late to apologise for things. Good for you!
Chris:
Thank you. My memory may not be perfect, but with a few hints, lots of time, and I can recollect most anything about my past. Yee-Haw!
"Celebrating Friendship"
16 April
celebrating friendship
He wants $600+ to go to BronyCon
16 April
Everyone! BUY ALL OF MY TRANSFORMERS, and I will Definitely be able to make BronyCon 2018! Buy Now to See Me There!!!
Please, Buy Now to help me get to BronyCon 2018! Money is tight here. If I don’t make the money, I Can’t Go At All!
We Are making the mortgage and food by the skin of our teeth here. Seriously, I would not be able to afford even the ticket to BronyCon at this point without making ALL of these sales. So, Please Help Me, so I can Meet You this year!
A fan inquired:
True and honest, How much do you need?
Chris answered:
Hotel room closest available, weekend ticket, gasoline, food, arriving on Thursday to fully enjoy and meet as much of y’all as possible, and then some for just-in-case emergencies: More than $600 would be a Fantastic Help, if you would please. Buy My Transformers and help me.
More of my old toys, Authentically Certified, Will be added, including a couple of Starscreams. So, Buy Now to not only help me go to BronyCon, but to also help clear out my clutter. Blaster to set up the Beats!
These were then promptly removed.
Brainwashing from Idea Guys
17 April
In the early hours of the day, Chris's Twitter posted a tirade composed of bizarre claims against him and CWCville.
Seven of nine delusional tweets Chris made on April 17 before removing them and the begging of $600 for BronyCon made the day before.
There I Am! I am Coming Clean!
Everyone! I do still need the money here to make ends meet for the household, seriously. I was using BronyCon as a sales pitch excuse to try and sell the toys. I owe a LOT towards making amends for my past. You would not believe me if I told you how. /1
But suffice to say, I had done a lot more things in my lifetime from within my subconscious that ended up doing things worse in this world and even in Cwcville. I am a Major Sexual Deviant and my fetishes had made a LOT of individuals turn against me. /2
I have a long list of fetishes: I'm a Furry, I like the MLP ponies and Equestria Girls and guys, I like all kinds of individuals, I like big breasts, I even like those as young as 16 years of age, I'm a porn addict, I'm even into scat and pee, I still have remaining... /3
...lingering jealousies of men, enough to subconsciously want to kill, I also do like the Cybertronians, Autobots and Decepticons alike. It is Super Bad, that I may as well voluntarily register myself as a Sex Offender! And all this among others have affected my relations /4
...with Everyone, Everypony, and Everybot. My years of repressed sexual urges have made my Sonichus and Rosechus essentially go Hog-Wild all over the places, even to go around terrorizing everyone, to get me some vagina... I also have a fetish for old people too,... /5
...even my own mother, and I have a fetish for myself, where when I have the chance. I would have sex with my Cwcville counterpart, and even my Equestria Counterpart, Nightstar. Her sweetie, Kun T'Nyuget, was so handsome, he made me realize I was Bisexual. He was like, WOW! /6
And now, thanks to my subconscious lingering jealously, Kun T'Nyuget is dead now. My damned subconscious KILLED my Nightstar's Lover!!!! Soo much damage to a Lot in This World, and even There in Cwcville's Dimension; THAT's what has been driving me crazy these past months. /6 [sic]
I WAS worrying over my Nation and my Species Of Sonichus and Rosechus. And there is a LOT to make amends, as well as Reforming and Redeeming Myself. And Jesus Christ is not one who would be doing that for me; I Must Reform and Redeem Myself, for the Benefit Of Everyone. /8
Eighth tweet.
I had repressed myself for too many years, and the worst of that has cost a LOT against me with Everyone.
And to You All, and All of them, I have been very remorseful and sorry for everything.
I wish to be reformed, redeemed and forgiven by everyone.
(Ninth delusional tweet) Chris wants to be redeemed.
Chris claims his account was hacked.
Around after an hour of these tweets being up, they were all taken down by Chris along with the $600 begging for BronyCon tweets posted the day before - Chris promptly posted:
My account was hacked, Everyone. All of those Tweets just now were not mine. I just recovered this account. Please, disregard those recent Tweets and carry on with your day. Move Alone; Nothing to see here, Folks.
Later that day, Chris posted:
I'm suffering an existential crisis.
Please, Help Me.
As the timeframe of the tweets occurred during the Idea Guys saga, the tweets were likely of their influence.
Exercising on a treadmill
18 April
On a treadmill speed walking 4 mph for two hours. - at Anytime Fitness
Selling a Fit Meter
18 April
I got a Fitbit and synched that with my phone and Anytime Fitness app, and since I do not own a Wii U anymore, this will make a Lovely Collectible.
I’ll initial it on the back in a silver sharpie.
Thank you.
He linked to an eBay listing for his Fit Meter.
A birthday "surprise"
20 April
Isn't it Sonichu's birthday today - I seem to remember you or he changed it recently to April 20th?
If so, happy birthday! @CWCSonichu
Yes.
Today IS Sonichu’s Birthday.
Also, for your information, he was originally born as a Pichu in 1992, long before being transformed into Sonichu (Prime) on February 1, 2003.
March 17, 2000 is more the anniversary of when he came More into this world and in my life.
Chris continued with a time paradox.
Also, Magi-Chan is the Oldest Sonichu alive, and still looking as young and furry as ever; he was born on November 14, 1948.
69 Years Old now.
Happy Bisexual Day
Is it Bisexual Awareness Week already?!
Well, I’d better share some love too!
Also, Polyamorous Awareness!
Do not be afraid to come out to anyone for being Poly!
Be Free and Happy!
Yay!
Selling porn art, debt collector after me
23 April
I Just Want to get Rid of all of that past shameful trash of mine. And I have by FRIDAY THR 27th to Sell These; a Bill Collector wants me to pay up then, BAD!
He linked to the ebay listing for his 32 porn drawings.
Covering for Jack
23 April
I have received a LOT of messages asking me who the Jack was that sent me the money for BronyCon. I’m going to put his name out to dispel any and all rumors. His name is Jack Zamora, and he is residing in Wisconsin. I would appreciate it if y’all would Leave Him Alone; he is Not to be Trolled or Bullied. Have a good and safe day.
Note: Jack's real name is Jack D. Jankowski.
Will provide house tour and suck dicks for money
24 April
An archive of the tweets is here
Everyone! Pool yourselves together if y’all want to see another House Tour Video. $200 directly to my PayPal gets y’all the house tour, inside and outside. No negotiations on the price.
Chris then added then added an additional, more sexual offer.
Anyone living locally to me in Virginia, or visiting in Charlottesville, I’ll give y’all BJs for money too. Serious.
Chris is a cunt
24 April
I wish to very humbly apologize for being a total cunt on fan art, and I am very sorry for all of the terrible decisions I had made in my series, including the originally drawn executions in the end of book 10!
This tweet elicited numerous replies accusing hacking, kidnapping or some other method of account hijacking.
Blaine in Kansas, a trolling bully
27 April
A Trolling Bully has been Identified: Blaine in Kansas has been really bothering my people and I lately.
Blaine is a majorly bad person, and be on your best mental guard against him; he is Very Manipulative; do not let him sway you into his gathering or troops.
Thank You.
Note: This is possibly a reference to a Stephen King character, Blaine the Mono, planted by the Idea Guys.
Crush on Kevin James
27 April
Chris followed, then commented on several tweets by American actor/comedian Kevin James.
Hey, Kevin. What a sweet mullet you have in that ad. Very Awesome!
That Billboard makes you look thin and Awesome.
Have you been working out?
Your lips look okay to me.
#MakeBryCry
Main article: Bryanfrogboy Chats##MakeBryCry
I know people are worried
29 April
feeling blessed.
I am aware that many people are worried about me. Do Not Fear! I am in a Good Place and everything will be Okay! Things will be figured out soon enough.
Gay for Bryanfrogboy
Main article: Bryanfrogboy Chats#Gay for Bryanfrogboy
Introducing Cryzel Rosechu
30 April
I wish to introduce, someone who has become a very close gal in my heart: the beautiful Miss Cryzel Rosechu. This Electric-Type piece of Awesome can also make and open dimensional portals. And she is very intelligent too. Imade her figure today; I promised her I would. ❤️💙💜
Chris then liked a comment from Twitter fan @TingsTinz:
Happy to see that you finally revealed 1 of your significant lovers. You should keep the last 1 a secret and reveal him in the comics.
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=April_2018_social_media_posts&oldid=288673"