Title: August 2018 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/August_2018_social_media_posts
Categories: 
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
This page is an archive of Chris's major social media posts during August 2018. Posts are sorted by date. Notable comments are included and color-coded for reference.
Contents
1 Chris rediscovers his healing stones
2 Chris appears in DRWolf's BronyCon video
3 Chris offers his friendship
4 Chris participates in NationalGirlfriendsDay
5 Night Star fan art
6 Critiquing a Sonichu plush
7 Chris's TV
8 Patreon is unfrozen
9 Son-Chu returns
10 Chris is made aware of ProjectSNT's Sonichu reboot
11 The Awakening of a CPU
12 Customizing his new Adidas shoes
13 Birthday wishes and other Pony art
14 Asking Null for an apology
15 Chris is probably trawling videos to find himself at this point
16 Panel photo
17 Doing business
18 Bastardized Funko Pop
19 Freckles
20 Assuming someone's gender
21 Chris's photographic memory lets him down
22 Chris recommends his commissioned artist
23 ProjectSNT is now canon
24 Infinity Abhor
25 CPU Clogged Heart
26 Soon to be canon Pokémon
27 Not a Marvel actor, but will the creator of Sonichu do?
28 Orion and Crypt Wing art
29 Chris starts his Pony Protest
30 Psychic links maintain the connection to C-197
31 MLP protest part 2
32 MLP protest part 3
33 Chris reaches out to Sega
34 MLP protest part 4
35 Caught red handed
36 MLP protest part 5
37 Chris's infinite wisdom is challenged
38 Feeling Overworked
39 MLP protest part 6
40 Tributes to Aretha Franklin
41 Chris explains Sonichus and Rosechus
42 Chris still hasn't given up on Doopie
43 Texting on the shitter
44 Infamous, maybe
45 Chris stops protesting long enough to resume business
46 Once again the tugboat fails to last the month
47 There's this OC called Night Star, wink wink
48 Drumpf
49 Ear worm video
50 MLP protest part 7
51 Always finding a way to insert himself
52 Chris watches Hardcore Henry
53 Chris drags Barb into his business schemes
54 MLP protest part 8
55 Infinitely improbable
56 Reminiscing about Anime Mid-Atlantic
57 Replying to Stan Lee
58 Chris has been to South Park
59 So where is the Wikipedia Article about me?
60 Improved outlook on life
61 Random-access humor
62 Applejack becomes an Alicorn
63 Night Star and her Pony Express
64 On his own misgendering
65 Back to eBay
66 Chris lectures on Dimension C-197
67 Barbara's Blankets
68 Swear your fealty to Princess Applejack
69 Rocker Rackoon
70 Chris's drawing has improved
71 Further eBay
72 Random Silly
73 Buy her blankets
74 Heavily burdened with dimensional responsibilities
75 Introducing CWC Psychlight
Chris rediscovers his healing stones
1 August, Twitter
I have my own pouch of rocks; up to about 26 years old, this pouch and these rocks are. Including a bonus Smokey Quartz my Captain sent me. I had to remove the old paper insert to close the pouch, but I should have brought it with me this weekend. LOL
#SteppingStone
But, yes, my mother found this set of rocks a few weeks ago, and I’ve been wearing it again since in my bosom. I should probably get a new pouch to replace this leather pouch; the brown stained my bras lately. Go fig how old brown leather runs around.
Chris appears in DRWolf's BronyCon video
1 August, Twitter
Chris shares a video by DRWolf, which shows Chris in the audience of Mad Munchkin's panel:
Check it out: Chris Chan Sonichu, Cryzel Rosechu, Magi-Chan Sonichu, and Nightstar on Christine’s shoulder were Spotted! Yay! 😊⚡️💙⚡️
https://youtu.be/3suErL4y9gY
Chris offers his friendship
1 August, Twitter
Listen up, everyone, anyone who feels like they are, or have been feeling Internet Trolled/Cyber-Bullied a Lot, I am here to support you. Please, email me at christine@cwcville.us, and my friends and I can help you.
Chris participates in NationalGirlfriendsDay
1 August, Twitter
Chris takes part in #NationalGirlfriendsDay; however, is more cautious after what happened the previous year:
I love my lady friends too. I am NOT going to repeat last year’s debacle by naming any of them.
Everyone, be kind to each other.
Happy #NationalGirlfriendsDay
Night Star fan art
Fan art!
Critiquing a Sonichu plush
2 August
Chris responds to ChuuChuuRocket, who shared a video of aher homemade Sonichu plush – the design of which, is somewhat different to Chris's interpretation:
Not to be critical, but why is the mouth sticking out like that?
It's the pattern design. I think it's a little long too, but I don't want to change it. It might look more balanced once all the spikes are on it.
I want to encourage you to leave it as is. While I feel a bit thrown off by the mouth, I will accept and get used to it. I do like and appreciate flaws and imperfections. Thank you. 😊
Chris's TV
2 August
@ILoveKPAlot there’s a KP marathon on Disney XD today; you can relax with that. 😊
Patreon is unfrozen
2 August, Twitter
Yes!
My Patreon is finally Unfrozen!
I Will get on the books for everyone very soon.
I do apologize for the delay.
Thank you all for your patience.
Son-Chu returns
3 August, Twitter
Got my car back! I’ve Earned It with all of the walking I did. Awesome! Also, gonna get a new pair of Adidas today.
😊⚡️💙⚡️
[GIF of a cat transforming]
Chris is made aware of ProjectSNT's Sonichu reboot
3 August, Twitter
@CWCSonichu This is actually really cool. I think you'd appreciate it.https://youtu.be/n8L1Yv6xpqQ
I acknowledge and appreciate the gesture, but there will not be any physical updates to my Son and Rose by my hand or consent (clothing aside; he’s keeping his shoe style). I will watch the video later.
NO REBOOT!
NEVER!
We are still going on and progressing; we will not be rebooted ever, my people and I.
The Awakening of a CPU
3 August, Twitter
I suppose on the mention of that, and my hubby, Magi-Chan, told me Now was the time. I, Mrs. Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, am the new CPU Blue Heart. The short story of that is in these four pages, that are also in the back of the book I will be non-profit distributing.../1
...as it is also the exposé of what Joshua Wise and his cohorts did to our sister dimension that I ended up being able to undo the Worst Of. And I Will get my money back from those two bastards! Anyway, it is all for real and serious. I am still learning and developing.../2
...my powers. Now, if someone wishes to Chronicle all of this about me, that is fair, but Mind-Link fully to our sister dimension, before you do; everyone in this Earth 1218, who is an artist and creator, has that power, at least a small sample of it. Do not abuse the power./3
It is everyone’s loving gift that connects us to everywhere else as need be. So, yes, there is too much a big reason why Sonichu and Rosechu will Never Ever have a Reboot. Because I am too well-connected to those pieces of the world, there, counting the Nation of Comma./4
That is all for now. Keep an open heart and open mind, and always be Kind to each other in This World, and ALL Other Worlda and Dimensions.
Thank You All.
⚡️💙⚡️
Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu/Blue Heart
Customizing his new Adidas shoes
3 August, Twitter
Will have the long video up soon.
Intro to Shoe Colouring https://youtu.be/PfrFduPwyN8 via
@YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Still working on them; so, more than an hour to do such a project to your own level of liking. I will upload a photo of the final result later after completion.
Shoe Colouring https://youtu.be/hYtqSdbKALQ via
@YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Finished the shoes!
Birthday wishes and other Pony art
4 August, Twitter
Happy Birthday, @reverbrony ! I drew something new for you, and I also share with you a bit of my illuminating powers. ⚡️💙⚡️😊
And, with that, I also share the pieces I drew for some of the guests at BronyCon this year. You all may guess who they each were for, though the first two, here, are obvious.
Oh! And those WERE Discord’s words about her; he said that; I was only the messenger in that.
Asking Null for an apology
5 August
In this post, Chris is referring to a Kiwi Farms thread, which was written by Null and included a vulgar tirade against Anna and Rocky.
[links to YouTube video Rekieta Law - The Alleged Extortion of Chris Chan]
For now, after listening to this video, I encourage relaying this video to the Virginia Law Enforcement, as the person in the video states. However, What had been posted on Kiwi about Anna and Rocky are False, and while I am more grateful for his help in all of this and continue to talk and accept his help, I feel unable to simply stand by and let this slide. Both of them WERE unable at the time to do much with the police.
Both of them did Not Refuse to help with taking the case to the Police or law enforcement. They both were limited by their situations at the time from being able to do better. They Both are legitimately Good and Kind individuals. And to tell them to “F” themselves is Simply Just Wrong. I would appreciate an apology on the Kiwi from the webmaster/Post-writer to Anna and Rocky, and I never wish to hear of anyone talking smack against my good friends.
Thank you.
Sincerely, Mrs. Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Twenty minutes later, Chris deleted the tweets and instead reposted the portion about the video:
For now, after listening to this video, I encourage relaying this video to the Virginia Law Enforcement, as the person in the video states.
Rekieta Law - The Alleged Extortion of Chris Chan http://youtu.be/jrj8LUEgVDo via
@YouTube
Chris is probably trawling videos to find himself at this point
5 August, Twitter
Another “Where’s Christine” video. Just kidding; Mad Munchkin was, and is, Awesome! 😃
Mad Munchkin at Bronycon 2018 Part 2 https://youtu.be/2HpZyBhsCzc via
@YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Panel photo
7 August, Facebook
Chris shared a photo of Michelle Creber, Amy Keating Rogers, Black Gryph0n and Tabitha St. Germain doing a reading at BronyCon 2018:
I enjoyed Tabitha’s script; I can tell she had a good connection with our sister Dimensions.
https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1867896086638195&id=100002534669114
Doing business
8 August, Twitter
Made an Awesome Trade! 😊⚡️💙⚡️
Coupon Code you can use to get 15% off of my items on eBay!
PRONTO15
Check out Autographed Johnny Cash Photo, Frame Included
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Film-Cell-Genuine-35mm-Framed-Matted-Johnny-Cash-S1-USFC1955-Limited-Edition-/191676410308?oid=283062543925 @eBay
You can also use the Coupon Code to get this from earlier this year.
Check out TooManyGames Autographed Poster - Chris Chan And YouTubers
https://www.ebay.com/itm/283093488902?ul_noapp=true @eBay
Chris continues to offer this code throughout the month.
Bastardized Funko Pop
8 August, Twitter
Here’s a cool little gang. ⚡️💙⚡️
Freckles
9 August, Twitter
I have a BUSY day today, and I notice something about myself I haven’t before. Have I ALWAYS had Freckles on my face?!
Assuming someone's gender
10 August, Twitter
@cOWOkie_pone /Feather Shine’s work at amongst its finest and better! This artist is Awesome at his craft; working with him was one of the top Beat impulses I had. And I wouldn’t have found him without the help of our favorite VA. 😉⚡💙⚡
The artist:
it was fun working on them ^^. but one small thing, i'm a girl tho xD
Oh! Darn it! I’m sorry! Feather Shine; SHE is an awesome artista! Smiling face with open mouth
I have so much weight on me, my mind slips up sometimes.
Zappin’ It Up! ⚡💙⚡
Chris's photographic memory lets him down
10 August, Twitter
Mel Blanc: VA of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and MANY OTHERS! I have trouble remembering his name for some reason! I had it randomly recalled earlier today successfully.
Two minutes later, I can’t remember his name at all again! So, I’m making this Tweet to remind myself.../1
[GIF of Looney Tunes' Rabbit Season/Duck Season short]
...and to tell all of you,
I am no Mel Blanc, but I can do a Good Number if Voices.
“What’s up, Doc?
Sufferin’ succotash!
I tawt I taw a” Mel Blanc!
Man of a thousand voices: Mel Blanc!
sigh*
Chris recommends his commissioned artist
11 August, Twitter
Also, Know, Everyone, like all other artists, I have given Feather Shine the Okay to draw my Sonichu and Rosechu characters. Also, if you love the Nightstar and Kun print, or even the CPU Blue Heart print or my Ponysona, you can buy them from her too.
Congratulations! Moozua is the artist who made the Nightstar pin I wore on my lanyard at BronyCon. I’d love to see her make a full print of her from that headshot, or something new of her. Stay Awesome, Moo! ⚡️💙⚡️
ProjectSNT is now canon
12 August, Twitter
See also: August 2018 social media posts#Chris is made aware of ProjectSNT's Sonichu reboot
Just watched this video; I appreciated and like her redesign, she did really well for her own Sonichu and Rosechu interpretations. I ended up linking with the Sonichu in our sister dimension; he was a typical Sonee in his group of Sonees, Sonichus, Roseys, Rosechus, etc. /1
He was surprised to find that as he evolved, which was literally simultaneous with SNT drawing the redesign at start, that he ended up visually different from all of the other Sonichus.
And the same was said for the Rosey in another area a few miles away that became the... /2
...Rosechu she designed.
She was surprised as well being different from the other Rosechus.
By the way, in the wild, Sonichus do get their typical pair of shoes, socks and gloves when they evolve, so this Sonichu was thrown off with the boots and, blue gloves and upturned.../3
...quills. The Quills on all Sonichus and Rosechus are resistant to static electricity and are not likely to become upturned to look similar to Super Sonic or their Super Sonichu Mega Evolved forms. Same with the Rosechus. No, that Super Sonic plush modification look goes.../4
...to Sterbenchu. Anyway, on the Rosechu, in the wild, when they evolve, they get their typical dress and boots, but the ones in the wild typically prefer to be nude (leaving the boots on for the latter), so their attire is customizable of the trainer who catches one.
/5
But, this one Rosechu evolved and got the ears and shirt and dress, as SNT drew her. Now, for the Rosechus, they typically do not have the Raichu ears; don’t ask me, it is the way it is. And their quill style, as if NOBODY could tell apart from Amy Rose’s quill style.../6
...the quills are more divided, thus you can see the lines going in there. Amy’s is NOT as divided. Why the ears aren’t Raichu-esque? I can’t say; I LITERALLY SAW Rosey like that when I discovered her; everything in the first appearance as she was, IN OUR SISTER DIMENSION.../7
..., I DREW HER AS SHE WAS, and Is.
I HAVE THE VERY STRONG PSYCHIC LINK TO OUR SISTER DIMENSION; Had It ALL of my Life.
So, yes; no need for the questions of WHY; I drew my Son and my Rosey, as I SAW THEM.
*sigh*
At least @seananmcguire can relate with me on that power. /8
But, I do applaud SNT for her design, and the other Sonichus and Rosechus, Sabrina, and I will watch over them and keep them safe and well. A moment, please, my train of thought was lost.../9
Okay! Got my thought train back.
This Sonichu and Rosechu are not of the Specials, they both are simple regulars. And I am still looking into finding and listing the few remaining on my list. Also, look forward to some collectible Sonichu and Rosechu Trading Cards I’ll be.../10
...personally drawing and adding stats and details to; these will be similar to the sports trading cards. And I intend to have all of the Special Sonichus and Rosechus, and then some in relation to Cwcville and all. It is a work in progress, so stay tuned for that. Thank you.
Infinity Abhor
12 August, Twitter
Seanan McGuire of Marvel Comics—who inadvertently instilled Chris with the Dimension 1218 concept in July—realizes what hole she has dug herself into, after Chris tags her during the ProjectSNT post:
No, I really can't. Please don't drag me into this; when I was talking about a multiverse, I was talking about the imaginary multiverse as exists in Marvel comics canon, not a real place you can really access.
Oh. I’m sorry. You had such insights, and were able to identify which dimensional Earth this one is. My bad. But know, that you, and your fellow artists, do possess your own power to link and at least project yourself to the other dimensions. I shan’t bother you again.
[Picard facepalm GIF]
Chris later denounces her:
My bad; I retract my earlier statement in the thread about her having such a power similar to myself.
Well, at least there are some, who I have met and found who were successful as I in at least projecting and finding our sister dimension as I was able to.
A ween chips in:
You do understand that your “psychic link” is just your imagination, right? MLP and Sonichu only exist in your imagination, they aren’t physical beings.
You are very much WRONG. It is not my imagination; it is really my Psychic Link, and I Have Been communicating with Physical Beings that Literally DO Exist and Co-Exist in our Sister Dimension, alongside all of the other "Fictional Characters", including Marvel AND DC, and Anime.
CPU Clogged Heart
12 August, Twitter
A follower drops Chris some fanart:
@CWCSonichu 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚
Chris sends his gratitude:
Scarlet was Not fat, and I am Not fat either.
sorry i'll fix it, I just interpreted her as larger. I dont mean to offend you, i just see larger women as very beautiful.
Good for you on appreciating the heavyset, but that does not make for an excuse for adding unnecessary weight onto someone in portrayal. Plus, Look at my current Twitter Banner: That is Scarlet in her fit days before passing on in 1994. And look at me now as human, and as CPU.
Soon to be canon Pokémon
12 August, Twitter
I am please to present, the Official Pokédex Numbers of my Pokemon, with Sonichu and Rosechu. I went through the old homemade TCG cards, and their order of creation is accurate in determining their respective numbers. #Nintendo, Take Note; more than 1000 Pokémon exist.
And, for visual reference, here are the respective cards of said Pokémon.
We occupy Thirty-Three slots in all.
Not a Marvel actor, but will the creator of Sonichu do?
12 August, Twitter
Chris retweets a Twitter user, who is requesting Marvel actors to reach out to a terminally ill boy:
I’m not a Marvel brand Actor, but I will help out, just the same. There is always a chance you may pull through and live longer, especially in the hearts of everyone around you and in reach. So, keep on living, young Josh, for you may soon say Hi to @TheRealStanLee , himself. 💙
https://twitter.com/KrissieCosplay/status/1028495214866915328
And if you’d like me to meet and hang with you too, Josh, I would be honored to. Zap It Up, and Live Safe and Well!
Orion and Crypt Wing art
13 August, Twitter
This is a recent piece I drew of Orion and C.W. Though I ended up messing up on my face (rough week last week). This is the second day of a new week, and I feel good right now.⚡️💙⚡️
Chris starts his Pony Protest
13 August, Twitter
Everyone of Earth 1218! I have an announcement!
I have seen a future that we must prevent: My Little Pony Generation Five.
Spoiler Alert: Princess Twilight Sparkle was prompted to promote Applejack to become an Alicorn Princess, but in doing so, the spell backfires.../1
...and then we end up with... THIS!Twilight becoming an Earth Pony (SIMPLY UNFORGIVABLE!), and the horns and wings being lost and swapped between Twilight, Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy.
/2
I just did a reset to prevent that from happening. Celestia will take it upon herself to promote Applejack, because she Will be doing something that brings the magic out of her, like it did Cadence and Twilight.
AJ’s Promotion needs to happen; she becomes the next.../3
...Alicorn Princess by Celestia’s Power; Twilight and the others remain as they are, and G4 continues on.
Generation Five Must Not Happen!
Listen up, @Hasbro and @HasbroNews , because I HAVE The Power and Link to our Sister Dimension, and I have seen it too.
#ContinueMLPG4! /4
CONTINUE My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic for at least Five More Seasons, @Hasbro and @HasbroNews !
Our Matching Futures are at Stake Here! I, your CPU Blue Heart Commands it so as well, in agreement with Princess Celestia.
Please, Heed Our Warning!
Thank You.
Hasbro! MLP G4 Must Continue; NO MLP G5!
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Psychic links maintain the connection to C-197
13 August, Twitter
A Twitter user questions Chris on his MLP post:
What allows you to enter into these sister dimensions? And can you only enter them?
Psychic Links. Everyone in this world has at minimum a .01% Power that links y’all, respectively, with at least your counterpart in our sister dimension; the Power is stronger in artists, authors and creators. But mine is Stonger amongst the Very Few of us here.
MLP protest part 2
13 August, Twitter
In response to a non-believer:
You do not understand our sister dimension, as well as the inhabitants that occupy it and thereabouts. Reboots HURT the original very bad. Reboots stunts Growth of the Original. And why at least five seasons? Because there is not only a lot more to Equestria than meets the eye,/1
...and, the rest of the Mane Six are destined to join Princess Twilight and the soon-to-be Princess of Honesty, Applejack, as Alicorns, themselves during that time frame. Their Stories MUST be told and continued. The Reboot will ONLY just Kill the timeline of ours that.../2
...will simply stifle the originals’ growth, as well as throw Both of or dimensions into a chaos that must never ever take place, @Hasbro.
Applejack for Alicorn Princess of Honesty in the Continuing of G4 MLP, and the Round Table of the Princesses of Harmony in Twilight’s Kingsom in the span of Five Seasons!
Gal pal:
I don't think she would want that. Her character really cares about the farm and her family.
Well, guess what, that is What IS going to happen in a few days from now in Equestria. She’ll still be tending to the farm and everything. And the Round Table of the Princesses of Harmony has been foretold in Equestria. I have seen the future in our sister dimension.
Applejack will be finding her magic and ascending to Princess of Honesty.
MLP protest part 3
13-14 August, Twitter
Responding to other users who commented on Chris's MLP video:
We will make them see and realize that it is too soon for a Fifth Generation, especially when it is very harmful to their own ponies, and everyone else in both of our dimensions.
Gal pal:
If not for g3 we wouldn't have g4. G5 might be good too.
[Deleted third person response]
The current season is not crap. Do not diss Gen Four before the Round Table of the Princesses of Harmony is completed. And there is still the potential in the CMCs post-Cutie Marks; they are finding their continuing marks.
Chris actually predicted GOPony:
G5 will be like Teen Titans Go, or the Sonic Boom video game; it will be downhill. I have foreseen it. Celestia has foreseen it. EVERYBODY with the Power has foreseen it. Earth Twilight does not work at all; the real Equestria would Fall Victim too easy should that have happened.
Chris, dude, some real talk. G4 has been going downhill writing-wise for a few seasons. It was a great show, but it's had its run. Give g5 a chance, or make your own show and show them where they went wrong. Whining about it on twitter isn't gonna change anything.
You do not understand the totality of the situation; This G5 will be a total Downfall for the Real Equestria, AND every creature there, in our Sister Dimension! I am very concerned about their safety and well-being! We Need to be Respectful of our individuals there this affects.
Chris reaches out to Sega
13 August, Twitter
Sonic the Hedgehog's official Twitter:
With a 90 Metascore on Nintendo Switch, Sonic Mania Plus is now the highest-rated Sonic game in 25 years.
Thank you for being there with us, every step of the way.
Consider if you will, adding Sonichu, the Electric Hedgehog Pokemon as a Playable Character!
MLP protest part 4
14 August, Twitter
Another apocalyptic statement:
Voice Your Concerns to @Hasbro, Everyone! G4 MUST Continue for the Safety and Benefit of Everypony and Creature in Equestria, AND Canterlot High’s city (in Maryland), in our Sister Dimension!
This G5 must Never Happen; neither world is ready for any G5 MLP!
Yes, but actually, Celestia, Herself, requests at least Five more Seasons of G4. And the coming of the Round Table of the Princesses of Harmony in Twilight’s Kingdom is upon us with Applejack’s promotion in a few days.
This G5 MLP must be stopped, so Equestria can have more time
“But, Christine, what about Sonichu, and Cwcville?” The fate of Equestria is tied too well with everywhere else near Canterlot High in Maryland, and Cwcville is not far from there. Equestria Must Be Saved not only for Cwcville, but for the United States and our Sister World! 🌎🌎
End of a chain of posts responding to Chris's first post:
about 4 months ago, rumours that My little pony friendship is magic will be ending next year and be replaced by a new generation (basically a a soft reboot) it's nothing hugely serious. Christine is over-reacting.
It is Very Serious. I, and Everyone who has connected well with our sister dimension, KNOWS how serious it is. This is not an overreaction! I am speaking for the real ponies there!
I hope you and everyone effected by this can get it resolved. I am sorry things you care about are being effected.
If I can do anything to help you and your friends just let me know. <3
It’s not just those I care about, this affects EVERYONE, in our Sister Dimension, and This World! The effects do spread far and wide.
Caught red handed
14 August
Chris responds to a user's tweet from 13 August, about seeing him at Region 10:
OutterSpaceSWAG
Who's girl is this
Chris
Very funny. You caught me yesterday at Region 10. I would have felt better if you said hey to me, instead of just taking a photo of me without my knowledge. But I am still me, Chris Chan.
MLP protest part 5
14-15 August, Twitter
FIVE MORE SEASONS FOR MLP G4!
FIVE MORE SEASONS FOR MLP G4!
APPLEJACK FOR PRINCESS OF HONESTY!
DOWN WITH G5 FOR THE SAFETY OF EQUESTRIA AND EVERYWHERE ELSE!
@Hasbro
[Deleted response from another user]
Actually, YES, because the Round Table of the Princesses of Harmony simply Must happen in this timeline of ours, and Applejack’s ascension is the necessary first step in that. For the Safety of Equestria and All of our Worlds and Dimensions.
Chris retweets a fan art of CPU Blue Heart:
Yes, I am doing my best to make sure the word is spread here for five more seasons of G4 MLP by request of Celestia. I am hopeful the MLP VAs hear of the premonition I foresaw.
And, please, keep protesting to @Hasbro about it for the time being.
Celestia and I thank you all.
The artist who did the CPU fan art:
I meant the scam situation, but I'm glad you're feeling better about it at least.
Oh, that, yes that was a bother. Now, I have this to spread word and make sure MLP G4 continues for five more seasons. We do not need Akan getting his mitts on Equestria and our world from our sister dimension. Please, help me rally the people of this world to keep G4 going.
Chris's infinite wisdom is challenged
15 August, Twitter
Chris responds to a brony plushie designer, who posted a photo of a Tempest Shadow (Movie character) plushie, with a cutie mark different to Chris's interpretation in Sonichu #12-9:
OH! I’m afraid that is not Fizzie’s Cutie Mark. I have seen it, and I have drawn it.
The artist:
I designed her cutie mark with advice from the writer.
[Screenshots of the MLP writer's approval]
Ok, I ONLY saw Tempest’s Cutie Mark through the eyes of Nightstar while she and Kun were on their Cutie Map Mission last May/Bloom (she was keeping me posted as they worked), and Tempest only wanted to Raid Storm King’s home. She finds her horn! @mktoon
Perhaps I misviewed Tempest’s Cutie Mark; they both do look similar. @mktoon, please DM me if you’d like a copy of Nightstar’s book.
It’s no problem; I’ll just draw this three-star Cutie Mark and update my pages. My printing company messed up on miscutting 22 of the pages, anyway, so I needed to repair those files and reupload them.
Updating the Cutie Mark after tracing her drawn flank on my pages. THIS correction, after I am having the premonition and making sure the Real Equestria is Safe with the Princesses of Harmony coming to pass with Applejack’s ascension without the mishap that makes Twilight...
...become an Earth Pony.
Celestia told me personally to make sure G4 MLP has Five More Seasons and that G5 with Earth Twilight is Cancelled. That Reboot would mean Akan would conquer Equestria!
And that would spell more dangers in our Sister Dimension, as well as this Our World
A Brony replies to the screenshot posted by the designer:
That would make the most sense storywise, considering she proves to be good at exactly that at the end of the movie.I think the other design was inspired by a G3 pony sharing Tempest color palette.
No. I was thinking of G1 Fizzy after the reveal of her name in the movie adaption book, which I read before the movie. And when I saw Tempest’s flank while Nightstar and Kun were on their mission, it was at a brief glance, and the three pops in that looked similar to the pop mark
Regardless, I mistook the mark, I apologized and updated the few pages in Nightstar’s book (DM me, and I will share the book with y’all for free), and Fizzy did find her horn. One of Storm Kong’s minions found it on a treasure hunt, and S.K. took it as a bargaining chip on her.
Feeling Overworked
Feeling overworked. *sigh*
Click to load content
MLP protest part 6
15 August, Twitter
Chris starts to tag MLP voice actors:
I am checking out the recent leaks of G5, and this is further confirming mine and Celestia's fears of the downfall of Equestria and its takeover by Akan if THIS were to continue. So, her request for five more season of G4 and the telling of the Princesses of Harmony NEEDS to be.
PLEASE, @Hasbro, HEED Our Warning and Cancel G5 MLP. Because it will ONLY bring about Chaos not only in Equestria, but from there into our sister dimension and also into Our World Here! I am not only warning everyone for Equestria's Sake, but for OUR Sake as well!
MLP G4 NEEDS to continue for five more seasons.
The separation of the species, and the aggression is the future Celestia had seen should G5 continue and G4 end. Twilight will become an Earth Pony, and then with her unable to defend Equestria, Akan and his forces will overpower Equestria, and in the G5 show, in all the...
...”action” and “cool looks” and all that, Akan’s message of worshipping him as leader of all worlds will be broadcasted subliminally, and his reign will spread into Our World from our Sister Dimension there!
There is One Hope that will prevent this Catastrophe, the Round...
...Table of the Princesses of Harmony MUST be formed, and that can only happen with @Hasbro and the G4 MLP Team continuing G4 for five more seasons, so the stories will be told and chronicled and secured in our solid foundation of the bond between our world and theirs in...
...This timeline!
And Applejack Must become the next Alicorn Princess in order for all of this to progress safely and well.
And the MLP G4 Team Must Tell it all in the show in the Five Seasons Celestia requests and commands.
I hate to name people on Twitter, but, I feel...
...I must, so they can hear the message and help us as well.
I sincerely apologize, and you Trolls, PLEASE do not harass Any of them.
@tarastrong, @ash_leigh_ball, @AndreaLibman, Tabitha St. Germain, and the rest of the MLP G4 Voice Actors, Please heed our warning and...
...call, and help me help everyone in the real Equestria, as well as Canterlot High, it city, and everywhere else there, including Cwcville, Springfield, Quahog, South Park, everything Marvel and DC, all anime locations, and everywhere else I can’t name right now. Even...
...Disney’s universe is well-linked in our Sister Dimension as well. And Our World is linked heavily with each one-to-one ratio of ourselves and our individual counterparts there, and then MORE with all other individuals aside from our counterparts, big and small. This Is the...
...crucial event that makes or breaks us all as the society we continue to strive to be and live freely. And in order to do so, all we ask is Five More Seasons for MLP G4 with the chronicling of the Princesses of Harmony, and the cancellation of THIS G5, altogether.
A different MLP G5 can be made AFTER G4 completes its fourteenth season, but different from what y’all had in mind at this time. And G5 will continue in the good spirits and form as G4 did, after it’s complete 14 season run, but with a different set of ponies taking the Mane.
No Species will be separated in the future MLP G5. This is Celestia’s Request and Command!
I am but a humble Sonichu, and a CPU in training, relaying the message on her request and behalf.
Again, @Hasbro, Please Continue G4 for Five More Seasons, for all of our sakes. Thank you
Chris links a Fandom page:
And for those asking who Akan is; simply put, he is Really Bad News.
https://villains.wikia.com/wiki/Akan
Tributes to Aretha Franklin
16 August, Twitter
Oh, No! I Loved @ArethaFranklin. “RESPECT” and “Think”, just to name a couple of her gospel-tone, soul-rockin’ beats. Her music shall continue to live on in our Tuneful History.
Thank you for sharing the news, @britneyspears, and for appreciating her work too. 😊⚡💙⚡
Later, Chris posted his own tribute:
Thank you, Aretha Franklin, for putting your brand of music into our lives and offering good thoughts in the process. Your music will live on forever.
🎶🎵⚡️💙⚡️
Aretha Franklin - Think (Remake Video Version) https://youtu.be/aKHmos-tsU0 via
@YouTube
Chris explains Sonichus and Rosechus
16 August, Twitter
Okay, with a bit of visual example, I can tell you all what sets my Son and Rosey apart from the regular Sonichus and Rosechus, as part of the Special 69.
Between the both of them, they each are a lot smarter and stronger than any Regular, even the best, well-trained,...
...Highest Effort Values and Individual Values, and best Breeding efforts. Sonichu and Rosey have the Strongest Destiny Connection and Mental Links to myself and my self-counterpart, so in addition to their knowledge, they know what we two know, without taking on either of our...
...respective individual personality traits.
Now, with Sonichu, his Special Powers include being literally the FASTEST Sonichu EVER, clocking in at as high as over Ten-Thousand Miles Per Hour in Running Speed. And his Electrical Attacks can even singe Ground Types; barring...
...through that Resistance, but going to the register of “not very effective.” No Regular Sonichu or Rosechu can achieve that, as their best electrical attacks remain as “No Effect” on Ground Types.
Back to the speed, the fastest Regular Sonichu can clock in at just...
...catching up to Sonic the Hedgehog’s average to top Running Speed, but not surpassing it.
With Rosechu, my Rosey, she is the ONLY Rosechu, with the exception of myself and my self-counterpart being able to do this as well, is able to Shape about ANY Physical Weapon in existence out of her Lightning, and she has mastered the weapon styles by training under...
...a few of the best, and getting guidance from Magi-Chan Sonichu.
Not many other Regular Rosechus are capable to make such a weapon from their lightning, but they all can still make their regular to best Electric Attacks like Thunderbolt, Spark, and so forth. And Rosey was...
...the Very FIRST Rosechu, EVER, to achieve her Mega Evolution, and without the Rosechite Mega Stone: her ferocious lioness form. She did this by getting SUPER ANGRY, like the Hulk. No other Rosechu was able to accomplish this feat before the S-Chu Ball Crystals shattered...
...and scattered to become the Sonichite and Rosechite Mega Stones.
One more thing I forgot to mention that applies to Both Sonichu and Rosechu, here: they Both have the Strongest amount of Chaos Emerald energies inside them, compared to all other Sonichus and Rosechu,...
Regular and Specials, in varying levels; I’m a high level, myself, because of their exposure to that power on that fateful day on February 1, 2003 on both ends of that Chaotic Rainbow with that collision between Sonic and the Pikachu who became Sonichu.
And those are the big reasons why Sonichu and Rosechu (my Son and Rosey) are the first two of the Special 69.
Thank You.
Zappin’ It Up! ⚡️💙⚡️
[GIF of Sonic Adventure 2]
Chris still hasn't given up on Doopie
16 August, Twitter
Super Planet Dolan started its own Animated Series; the pilot is very good, and I am proud of @ThePlanetDolan crew chronicling and expanding on their individuals and planet in our sister dimension. ⚡️💙⚡️
The End of Doopie - SPD Episode 1 https://youtu.be/rmP-O_YSxcQ via @YouTube
Texting on the shitter
17 August, Twitter
@reverbrony
so... @ObabScribbler refuses to text from the toilet, is this unusual to anyone else? When i go to the bathroom it’s where i get the most of my texting done :P
Yeah, I generally don’t text or pull out my phone while I’m on the john. Unless it’s my mother calling me while I am out; gotta reach to my bag and pull out the two-phone case and answer. ALOL.
Infamous, maybe
17 August, Twitter
Chris messages @HorseFame – an account which follows notable bronies on Twitter:
@HorseFame, am I a famous enough Pegasister for you? 😊⚡️💙⚡️
Chris stops protesting long enough to resume business
Working hard on catching up on eBay; will have everything shipped out Today.
Postage funds DRAINED our local funds, so please buy the autographed TMG poster or the Rosechu Standee. Pinkie Promise shipment of either or both tomorrow if purchased Today.
Thank You! ⚡️💙⚡️
Once again the tugboat fails to last the month
17 August, Facebook
Buy My Things and help me out for the second half of the month, please. Pinkie Promise to ship the following day from purchase.
Music for the video is royalty free from this YouTuber - https://youtu.be/SFMMeoozWLc
https://www.facebook.com/100002534669114/posts/1885082801586190/
There's this OC called Night Star, wink wink
18 August, Twitter
Chris replies to @WatchPony (basically a brony version of WatchMojo):
Hey there; I’m a fan of y’all’s lists on YouTube. Smiling face with smiling eyes Just a thought, have y’all considered doing top ten lists of the community’s MLP OCs or Ponysonas? One list for the Famous ones, like the Analysts, and one for everyone else? Based on looks, concept, background story, etc.
Drumpf
18 August
Chris gives his political two cents:
Seriously, doesn’t Drumpf ever just Shut Up and Stay Offline? OMG! I would not mind just telling him off to his face. Gah!
*sigh*
Well, we have other and better things to worry about in this world and in our Sister Dimension.🦄🦋✨🍎🦋💎🌈🎈
Ear worm video
18 August, Twitter
Hey, Everyone! ALOL! Here’s a new noise that will be an ear worm to me for a while...
Click to load content
MLP protest part 7
19 August, Twitter
This is still very important; AJ’s ascension happens later this week, and I also need to confirm the continuation of G4 for five more seasons, and the cancelling of this version of G5. Can anyone, of those I Follow on Twitter, confirm for me that is happening.@Hasbro
Always finding a way to insert himself
19 August, Twitter
Replying to a brony, who found some old newspaper scraps from 1998:
Your paper has of my birthday in ‘98! February 24; I had turned Sixteen, and I was in my Sophomore year at Manchester High School in Midlothian, VA. Good Times. 😊⚡️💙⚡️
Chris watches Hardcore Henry
19 August, Twitter
Hardcore. Neat! I just watched “Hardcore Henry” on Netflix last night. Shame that Akan always has another body in storage to move his conscious and soul into. Does this old Genesis game have anything to do with Henry’s game?
Chris drags Barb into his business schemes
19 August, Twitter
Barbara Chandler will be making out autographed photos and posters. https://youtu.be/S5DVU0NjoE8 via @YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Chris follows with several eBay links.
MLP protest part 8
19 August, Twitter
Just going to retweet this one more time. Still a Top Priority of mine and Celestia and Luna’s. I’d love an update from someone who actually works with the MLP staff, @Hasbro, or even the IDW comics, confirming in this world of G4’s five season extension, and the cancel of G5.
Infinitely improbable
20 August, Twitter
Hey, everyone. Just another good thought or two for now. Firstly, I had heard that infamous simple answer to the meaning of life and all that from “Hitchhiker’s” Galaxy guide. The computer says Forty-two. Well, I believe the computer actually said “Fortitude”, which does sound...
[Image of Twilight Sparkle with "42" on her cutie mark]
...similar. From the Dictionary.com
app, it defines “Fortitude” as mental and emotional strength in facing the many difficulties around one’s self. In that, the meaning of life and the universe and all that can be more accurately stated as the strength to...
...Face the difficulties we face as we go. But also, in that strength, to also borrow from “Gumball”, to not only enjoy our life as best as we are individually able to, but also to find your own enjoyment in facing the difficulties, but moreso...
https://youtu.be/uHjUQZptumg
... the simple things, and the many friends you will meet and make along the way. Also, to find love for yourself, no matter what, and keep the self-confidence strong, so you will be able to keep a high Fortitude for yourself.
“Forty-Tude”; Forty-Two; 42; FORTITUDE!⚡️💙⚡️
Reminiscing about Anime Mid-Atlantic
20 August, Twitter
Also, in looking at the old photographs of mine, I realized which one was the EARLIEST to have the first Sonichu Medallion (mine, and in existence). The lovely one with me and Rial.
That is all for now.
Thank you all.Zap It Up! ⚡️💙⚡️
🦄🦋✨🍎🦋💎🌈🎈
Replying to Stan Lee
20 August, Twitter
@TheRealStanLee Hey, Stan. But of a Marvel Fan, and a Creator with Powers, myself. Just chiming in; you are so cool being you, especially in making your numerous cameos in the films and wherever. Here’s to our dimension and universe links. Cheers! ⚡️💙⚡️
Chris has been to South Park
21 August, Twitter
Chris replies to Trey Parker (co-creator of South Park):
Hey, Trey (get a check mark to verify yourself; advice I should be taking, myself). I’m a fan of South Park. I like Stan out of the group. Found the boys in a projection to Colorado in our Sister Dimension; they asked for my autograph; shared my handwriting. ⚡️💙⚡️
So where is the Wikipedia Article about me?
21 August, Twitter
Notable resident in Ruckersville, VA alongside a NASCAR racer, and about the 29,000th most popular individual in this world, so where is the Wikipedia Article about me? ⚡️💙⚡️
Improved outlook on life
21 August
@Spinalpalm I can relate with that. My heart and soul had been “Broken, Beaten, Scarred“ (Metallica) a Bunch of times during the 2000s. Soon enough, I began to feel that anything that had done that to me before, I became immune to, like having the same virus over and over, you don’t get it.
But in the end, I found love for myself and self-confidence and a new appreciation on life and everything around us on this Earth 1218, and in our Sister Dimension, and then some. I may have become immune to the Pains on my heart and soul, but I Still Love and Feel.
Random-access humor
21 August, Twitter
Sleepy time silly random word:
Dundernuts!
Applejack becomes an Alicorn
22 August, Twitter
Everybody! Mark this day at about 4:10 pm, Eastern Standard Time; I saw it as it happened, as Celestia and Twilight had Applejack in her hall of memories. Without a hitch or backfire, Princess Applejack of Honesty, has arisen! And Princess Twilight remains an Alicorn!
Today, ponies all over Ponyville, were all under a bunch of misguidance, and AJ was so overwhelmed to be able to say much of anything; everyone was off-putting of themselves, and a bunch of bad happenings upon themselves from their mistakes that should have been corrected,...
...but too many things were happening all at once, and AJ knew she could only resolve all of this by Telling Everypony the Truth. So, at this time, she amplified herself, and one at a time told each and every pony the truth. She got tired, but kept going on and on,...
...using the Magic inside her to renew her energy and amplification; Applejack told about a Thousand Truths without stopping. And then, she was transported and ascended into Alicornhood.
Everybody of this world, you all may congratulate Princess Applejack in shouting,...
...social media sharing, or you can even write a letter directly to her (no address or stamp required; just your hand writing and signature and a moment to let your link shine for her to get the message.
All Hail Princess Applejack!
All Hail the Equestria Princesses of Harmony!
All Hail the continuation of MLP G4 as well!@Hasbro@ash_leigh_ball
Night Star and her Pony Express
22 August, Twitter
In response to a tweet sharing a wallpaper, with Twilight Sparkle creating portals:
@WatchPony Nightstar does that with Dimensional Portals; that’s how her Delivery Service was a success; she delivered to other dimensions too. ⚡️💙⚡️
On his own misgendering
22 August, Twitter
Responding to a tweet regarding the "Did you just assume my gender?" quote:
I hear you, Olive. As a Trans, myself, when I hear others refer to me by the old pronoun, I can’t help but feel like I Need to correct them; it does bother me when I feel need to do that. I wear a skirt, I have breasts, my hair is long, I’m quite feminine in habits and charms.
HOW IS IT that some individuals can be so blind to the Obvious signs that I am a woman, without having to try too hard at it? Not to mention the damn online haters and bad people who want to drone on and hold onto past notions and REALLY FICTIONAL and exaggerated aspects of me.
But, I would be digressing. The point is that sometimes, we need to correct others, as much as it hurts us. One moment at a time; we all can only do the best we are able to, individually.Zappin’ It Up!⚡️💙⚡️
Back to eBay
22-23 August, Twitter
FLASH SALE! In Effect Tonight and Tomorrow ONLY, price lowered on some items.
https://www.ebay.com/itm/283093488902
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Norway-Norwegian-Euro-European-License-Plate-Number-Plate-Embossed-Custom-Logo-/272752339907?oid=283109794471
https://www.ebay.com/itm/283113580142
https://www.ebay.com/itm/283113571859
Check out Chris Chan Autograph Card - WITH Autograph https://www.ebay.com/ulk/itm/283108536011 … @eBay
FLASH SALE in effect for only a few hours; come on up and take advantage of the discounts NOW!!!
Chris lectures on Dimension C-197
23 August, Twitter
Cwcville is still the Nation, and the city that is in that large Nation, in Virginia.
Cwcville is NOT the name of our sister dimension. That’s not only dumb, but just wrong. I don’t know the proper Dimension Number it is, but, as I have stated earlier, it is the neutral...https://twitter.com/sketchybricks/status/1032670062698786816
...dimension that houses a lot to MOST of not only our respective counterparts there, but also our “Fictional” Individuals and OCs; all Existing and Co-Existing. For the most part, yes, you think it; it exists there. Everything of mine, and definitely everything of Springfield...
...with the Simpsons, Quahog with the Griffins, South Park with Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny, Langley Falls with the Smiths, New Jersey with Bob and Linda Belcher, the Smurfs somewhere in the UK, Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse; all that WB and Disney nearly a click away in...
...the “Toon Town” there; Canterlot High School, and its Town: locates in Maryland, complete with the Portal to Equestria, Kim Possible globe trots there, MARVEL and DC Heroes (including my DC Superhero counterpart, the CWC Psychlight (which I created in DCUO)); another...
Christine Weston Chandler, but she lives in Metropolis and commutes to Gotham, in the same dimension; she’s even an Honorary Justice League member, believe it or not.
All of your favorite Anime characters are there too: Symphogear, Steel Angel Kurumi, the Ouran High School...
...Host Club, NANA, Mighty Morphin’ Power Rangers; Yada, Yada, Yada into near Infinity. Even the Doctor pops in and out in their Tardis there. @ThePlanetDolan; their Planet Dolan, is located by Saturn in that dimension. And, Of Course, Gamindustri is there;...
Console Patron Unit Goddesses and All, counting myself as well (even though I’m still in training).
There are exceptions, like Steven Universe, since he and the Crystal Gems exist in an alt-dimension where WWII never happened.
OH! I almost forgot to mention: SUPER MARIO,...
SONIC THE HEDGEHOG, Crash Bandicoot, Spyro the Dragon, Tracer of Overwatch and her crew, Paradise City, the Skylanders, and even Krato’s liniage, and most of your other video game characters: BAM! They are all There, in that same Dimension.
Thanks to the person of Marvel, who shall remain Anon in this tweet thread, informed me that This Earth, that we reside on, is indeed Earth 1218. I am still reaching out to learn the proper dimension number of our matching Sister Dimension.
Thanks to Magi-Chan Sonichu, as well as the Cosmos that I have opened my mind to, I have two possibilities, but I stand to be corrected or confirmed: 1672 or C-197
Also, Rick and Morty visit there and here sometimes, but you know their original dimension is not either of...
...these numbers.
I reiterate, the name or Number of our Sister Dimension is still up for debate and collaboration, ONLY with those of the main Creators in the Business, like Marvel, DC, Disney, and of course, Hasbro.
Also, Cybertron; it exists in our same dimension there too.
And you Can “Catch ‘Em All” there: Ash Ketchum and all of the Pokémon are there too; counting us Sonichus and Rosechus in the Pokédex, Officially.
All That, and I have this power, like the number of the highly creative, to be in contact with this same dimension.
Zappin’ It Up!
⚡️💙⚡️
Thank you.
Barbara's Blankets
23 August, Twitter
More of my mother’s blankets for sale on my eBay. Please, come on up and buy.
Barbara’s Blankets https://youtu.be/YtPK1KDQ4MI via
@YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Price Lowered on the autographed Snorlax Plush.
FLASH SALE Extended for a few more hours.
https://www.ebay.com/itm/CHRIS-SMITH-BOXER-AUTOGRAPH-SIGNED-INDEX-CARD-AUTHENTIC-A3497-/382553406842?oid=283118575016
Swear your fealty to Princess Applejack
26 August, Twitter
Well, everyone, I was just there, in my Ponysona, sitting with Nightstar, Kun and Zap Note in the front row in Canterlot; our Princess Applejack, of Honesty, has been coronated! Everyone praise her today! Yeee-Haw!🦄🦋🍎🍎🍎
#MLPFIM
Rocker Rackoon
27 August, Twitter
I just watched Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 1 and 2, as well as Infinity War (rented); I enjoyed the movies, and I like Rocker Racoon, Groot and Star Lord. I also loved hearing the reason why Groot doesn’t like hats.🌱🚫🧢⚡️💙⚡️
Chris's drawing has improved
27 August, Twitter
Chris replies to a post, who shows how their drawing has improved over several years:
That IS amazing in improvement! 😊Check me out from ‘04 to ‘17, respectively.
Further eBay
28 August, Twitter
Hey, Everyone!
Another eBay Code to get you a discount: 15% Off!
PREGAME15
It is effective until 10:00 PM, Pacific Time, tonight. Roughly less than ten hours to go.
Check out Rosechu Cutout Standee - Chris Chan https://www.ebay.com/ulk/itm/283108535273 … @eBay
Hey, Everyone!
Another eBay Code to get you a discount: 15% Off!
PREGAME15
It is effective until 10:00 PM, Pacific Time, tonight. Roughly less than ten hours to go.
Check out Rosechu Cutout Standee - Chris Chan https://t.co/b5bEm7YnGx … @eBay
Come buy an autographed Orange Fanta Can to remember one of your favorite memes about me.
And get 15% Off with Coupon Code:
PREGAME15
Good for less than three hours from now.
Free Shipping on the cans!
Variant Photograph is up now!
$150 will be donated to #TheTrevorProject upon the sale of this photo.
Also, PREGAME15 for 15% Off before 10:00 PM, Pacific Time!
https://www.ebay.com/itm/283128509507
Random Silly
Random Silly:
If your banana has a hammock, do you sing it a lullaby?
[Photo of bananas in a mini-hammock]
Gal pal:
That's so cute! Did you get that for your mom? I thought she really liked bananas.
No, I was using the photo that I just Google searched for a visual reference for the silly. I also had thought there was a brand name of “Banana Hammock”.
Buy her blankets
29 August, Twitter
My mother is giving me financial grief again, so please help us by buying her blankets.
Mother needs a car payment https://youtu.be/NcSiF7iIMdY via @YouTube
EmbedVideo is missing a required parameter.
Heavily burdened with dimensional responsibilities
29 August, Twitter
@ingridanilson (MLP VA):
Reminder: you don’t have to go through the tough stuff alone. The burden is too heavy to carry by yourself. Sharing your struggles actually gives you and others strength Red heart
I agree. My head gets heavily burdened with my other dimensional responsibilities, as well as those in this world (UGH!). But, thankfully, I have my loving spouses here to keep me going in the correct direction when my head is veering off-course. We continue forward; Zap It Up!
Introducing CWC Psychlight
30 August, Twitter
I am taking a moment to reacquaint everyone with my DC Superhero creation, and yet another counterpart: the CWC Psychlight. Autistic, born a “Christopher”, renamed “Christian”, turned out to be trans and renamed “Christine”, but she has been living in Metropolis, Delaware of...
...our Sister Dimension. I got to know her better yesterday. Apparently, she is also not only the renowned Superhero, and an Honorary Member of the Justice League for defending Metropolis and Gotham the best amongst those affected by Brainiac’s doings, as portrayed in the...
DCUO video game intro, but also an artist and author with more than 100 Graphic Novels: all about me and my life, here in this Earth 1218.
Yep. The CWC Psychilight; that Christine Chandler of Metropolis, has been My Chronicler and Biographer (she is not a creator, mind you).
Anyway, I felt need to reacquaint y’all with the CWC Psychlight, and let y’all know about that.
Thank you.
Zap It Up!⚡️💙⚡️
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=August_2018_social_media_posts&oldid=350785"