Title: August 2009
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/August_2009
Categories: Category, Chronology
================================================================================

On 1 August 2009 Liquid responds to Chris's SingStar Challenge.
On 8 August 2009 Chris provides us with risqué material of Rosechu. Again.
Cover for Sonichu 11, drawn 13 August 2009.
On 17 August 2009, Chris holds up this board at a Charlottesville Council Meeting.
On 27 August 2009, Chris shows high levels of tard-rage over the portrayal of this piece of property.
On 31 August 2009, Chris tells his gal-pal Kacey that he has split personalities.
The first half of August 2009 is dominated by a large war between Chris and the troll CChanSonichuCWC, better known as "Liquid Chris," about who is the real Christian Weston Chandler. Also, it is slowly becoming apparent that Chris has his eyes on Liquid's girlfriend, Kacey. As August draws to an end, Bob complains about video footage of the messy Chandler household being on the internet, fearing that the city housing association could kick them out of their house. Chris tries his best to get the trolls to take these videos down, but the more he pleads, the more the videos are spread. Eventually, Bob shouts at Chris for his incompetence. August ends with a short-lived attempt of Chris to get the trolls to believe that he has a split personality.
Events of August 2009
1 August
Chris uploads the first SingStar video, addressing early accusations of him cheating.
Liquid Chris uploads his first video for the SingStar Challenge.
Chris tells Katie Bay how the judging will work for the challenge.
2 August
Chris uploads his second video to the challenge, "Don't Say You Love Me" by M2M.
Chris tells Katie he deliberately uploaded the song an hour before midnight in the hope that Liquid will be disqualified. However...
Liquid uploads his second video, "Fresh Prince of Bel Air Theme" by Will Smith. (This entry is disqualified for ad-libbing.)
Trolls list Chris's 94 Ford Escort for sale on Craigslist, and then call him up about it
3 August
Chris uploads his third SingStar entry, "Autumn Goodbye", and a harassing video "bonus".
Chris thanks the trolls for documenting his life.
In an email, Chris asks one of his gal pals for help with his printer.
Kacey calls Chris, and he makes a complete fool out of himself.
Throughout the day, Chris and Katie Bay exchange numerous emails regarding the SingStar Challenge and his convoluted plan to persuade Kacey to have sex with him.
4 August
Liquid uploads his third SingStar entry, dedicated to his True and Honest Sweetheart. Hearts around the world melt.
Liquid uploads Challenge Video BONUS: #3, explaining the history of his parents, revealing what, according to him, IBAChandler's real name is, and including a mugshot of Chris.
Chris demands the truth from Liquid Chris and admits that he (Solid Chris) is retarded.
Chris uploads a video showing how he draws Sonichu, in another attempt to get the truth out to Kacey.
Chris uploads his fourth entry, "The Touch", by Stan Bush.
Liquid uploads his fourth entry, "Think Twice" by Eve 6, as a threat to the impostor, IBAChandler. He also picks "Smell Yo Dick" by Riskay as Chris's encore song.
Kacey calls Chris who, still impersonating Liquid, tries to ease her into meeting him.
Kacey, sweetheart of Liquid, releases a video she had received from Chris the previous day.
Kacey calls Chris again and yells about his sleazy attempt to impersonate her boyfriend.
Chris sends an email to Vivian Gee explaining that he has become a better person thanks to his trolls, including Vivian. Vivian sees through the message, and claims he still hasn't understood yet.
Chris lets Katie Bay know about how he screwed up his chance with Kacey.
5 August
Chris uploads his version of "Smell Yo Dick", and replaces every instance of "dick" with duck, which resulted in Liquid expressing outrage against the fake Chris for ad-libbing. As a result, Chris deletes the video and uploads Smell Yo D***" with the corrected lyrics and reuploads the first trial of the song.
Katie Bay asks Chris if he's doing anything by way of an apology to Kacey.
6 August
Liquid uploads his fifth and final entry, "Lift Up Your Eyes" by The Planetshakers.
Chris tells Katie Bay that he's spoken with Kacey again and she has calmed down. He is jealous of Liquid.
Chris writes an "Address to the Homosexuals" for the CWCipedia.
7 August - Solid Chris uploads a video in hopes of getting Liquid Chris to come clean about his identity and to notify him that he needs to redo his fifth SingStar challenge video.
8 August
For the first time in months, Chris comes out with new Sonichu material. He uploads the first nine pages of Episode 20 to CWCipedia.
Chris tries to enlist Katie Bay in a new stupid plan to take down Liquid Chris.
9 August
Chris founds his third and last DeviantART account, "CWCipedia."
Solid Chris uploads a final warning to Liquid Chris. Liquid responds by uploading a phone call (with permission of the Feds investigating the SLANDEROUS IMPOSTOR CHRIS) Chris refers to in the video.
10 August
Chris affirms that he is the true Christian Weston Chandler by verifying he is a loser with manboobs.
Chris uploads six more pages of Episode 20, to CWCipedia.
Chris and Katie Bay discuss vegetarianism and The White Stripes.
11 August
Chris uploads the KCWC Top 10 Dedication Special, which consists of him sitting in his bedroom pretending to be a radio DJ, giving shout-outs and dedications to various people from his past (almost all of whom were trolls).
Chris writes a resumé for Monster.com.
Chris and Katie Bay discuss TV shows and video games.
12 August - In a new video, Chris responds disgusted towards the Guro Pedophile fanart that has been sent to him.
13 August - Chris draws the cover for Sonichu 11.
14 August
Chris screams at Katie Bay for voting for Liquid Chris in the Singstar Challenge.
Chris uploads CWC Public Disclaimer and the Real Chris announces his departure into adulthood.
15 August
Chris rages after Vivian Gee promotes the Audiobook Saga on DVD. He later sends an angry e-mail to her about this, claiming he will use counterfeit laws against her.
Solid reacts to Liquid's farewell video.
GONE is uploaded to Liquid's account, suggesting that Solid has Liquid tied up in his basement.
Chris uploads The Contest NEVER was to Determine Who was Who, to say that the Singstar contest wasn't to determine who was the real Chris.
Chris and Katie Bay discuss copyright, publishing, and magic powers.
16 August
Chris uploads a video where he retracts all most of his previous Curse-ye-ha-me-ha attacks. At the behest of many, Chris gives a special Forgiveness Blessing to CChanSonichuCWC.
Chris writes a cover letter for his resume.
Chris tells Katie Bay he plans to put his resume online today. He explains how he curses people.
17 August
Katie asks Chris when he plans to finish Episode 20 of Sonichu.
Chris appears at a Charlottesville Council Meeting to save McIntire Park.
18 August
Chris tells Katie he's creating a new YouTube account. She criticizes the poster he made for the McIntire Park campaign.
Chris creates a new YouTube account, ChristianWChandler, and deletes the IBAChandler account.
Chris uploads a CWCFighter video where he shows the Internet his martial arts moves.
19 August
Chris tells Katie he will be uploading his comics onto his DeviantArt account.
Chris and Vivian exchange e-mails, where Chris attempts to get the FBI to arrest Vivian for the Audiobooks. Vivian, however, claims she can't be sued because she's in France.
20 August - Chris announces he is uploading new pages from Episode 20, along with the rest of his artwork, on his DeviantArt account while CWCipedia is down.
22 August
Chris tells Katie Bay he's on the verge of getting a job.
In a new video, Chris refuses to stop drawing the comics and demands R-E-S-T-E-D-C.
Chris hits the town with a gal pal, likely Kim Wilson. Their exact activities aren't too clear besides the little information given from a photo and a brief 2 second video.[1]
24 August
Chris tells Katie the job he's seeking is at Target. This is the last email he will send her.
CWCki and CWCipedia return after a grueling, days-long outage at 110mb.
27 August
In an email, Chris tells a friend that his parents have found out about his video house tour and are furious. Chris is deeply stressed.
Chris uploads a video demanding all videos and pictures of his house be removed from the Internet.
28 August
Chris and Kacey chat on the phone. She tries to persuade him to apply for jobs.
Chris informs a friend that his parents are still upset and distrustful, and that she should hold off trying to talk to them.
Chris's last DeviantART account is banned after only two weeks.
On CWCipedia, Chris declares that he has been banned from DeviantART.
29 August
In an email, Chris says that his parents have calmed down somewhat, and that he has filled out a job application at WalMart, but is unsure what his tugboat will allow.
Chris and Kacey chat about jobs, money, and college.
Chris uploads a video telling the trolls they are going to hell (especially homos).
An uncut version of THAT IS MY HOUSE featuring Bob Chandler is released by Vivian Gee.
30 August - Chris uploads a video, saying that he has received no boxes and that he has a split personality.
31 August - Chris and Kacey have another phone conversation. He pretends to have multiple personalities.
CWChronology
Introductory Articles:Introduction and Terminology · Timeline · Saga
By decade:Pre-1980 · 1980s · 1990s · 2000s · 2010s · 2020s
By year:
1990s
—
1999
2000s
—
2000 · 2001 · 2002 · 2003 · 2004 · 2005 · 2006 · 2007 · 2008 · 2009
2010s
—
2010 · 2011 · 2012 · 2013 · 2014 · 2015 · 2016 · 2017 · 2018 · 2019
2020s
—
2020 · 2021 · 2022 · 2023 · 2024 · 2025
By month:
2008
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2009
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2010
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2011
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2012
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2013
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2014
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2015
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2016
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2017
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2018
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2019
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2020
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2021
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2022
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2023
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2024
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2025
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
By Era/Saga:
Meta: Love Quest • Transgender • Business • Financhu Crisis • Roleplay • Dimensional Merge • Praetor
Pre-Christory: Early Childhood • Nathaniel Greene • Bearstein • High School
Early Adult Chronicles: PVCC • GAMePLACe • Megan • Stackhouse
Classic Chris: ED • Blanca • Jimmy Hill • Clyde Cash • PandaHalo • Miyamoto • Julie • PS3 Hacking • Emily • Ivy • Vanessa • CWCipedia • Liquid • Asperchu • Tito
Dark Ages: First Exile • Jackie • Calling Out • Second Exile
Renaissance: Catherine • Sonic Boom • Lady Managers • Pmurt • Doopie • Quinn
Transcendental Awakening: Idea Guy • Prequel Comic • Guard Dog • TTS • GOPony • Jacob
Rise-N-Fall: Copitz • TF2 Analysis • Arbitarch • Secret Shipfic • Watchmen • Saint • ProjectSNT • Chandler's List • Lainchu • Crystalgate • KwaiiSandbag • Warhol • Twilight • Incest
Silent Years: Jail • Third Exile
Second Coming: Revelations
↑ Chris Chan creepy smile
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=August_2009&oldid=350534"