Title: Bailey Jay
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Bailey_Jay
Categories: Honest Articles, Millennial Generation, Trolls, People, Sweethearts, People from the United States, People from Virginia
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
Gender disclosure: This person currently identifies as
transgender. Pronoun usage on this page may or may not reflect biological sex and/or gender identity.
Bailey Jay
Information
Name
Bailey Jay
Also known as
Line Trap
Gender
Trans Woman
Known for
Sending explicit photos to Chris, causing him to question his sexuality and openly express his gender dysphoria.
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Internet TrollPorn Actress
Saga
CWCipedia
“
OH MY GOD!!! UGH!!! ARE YOU REALLY A HERMAPHRODITE?! I'm sorry, but that naughty picture just really shocked me and made me want to throw up. *deep breath* You do have a pretty face, but what happened just now is just like the movie, "The Crying Game", or the Thanksgiving episode of "The Cleveland Show".
”
Chris, after seeing naked pictures of Bailey.[1]
Bailey Jay (born 1988), also known as Line Trap, is a transgender porn actress and podcaster.
In the Mailbag, a troll assumed the persona of her, attempting to seduce Chris. This had
made Chris question his sexuality, and proved to be one of the first instances of Chris publicly delving into gender, in the times that they interacted, especially when said troll posted nude photos of Bailey. Chris, prior to transitioning, had notably expressed shock at the surprising revelation about Bailey, calling her a "hermaphrodite".
Despite her rather brief involvement in Christory, Bailey is noted for seemingly breaking Chris with regards to his sexuality and gender, traits of his that he has been defensive of up to that point.
Contents
1 Background
2 Interactions with Chris
3 Gallery
4 Notes
5 References
6 See Also
Background
Throughout much of the Classic Era, Chris has been noted for his insistence that he was straight, and clear disgust towards homosexuals, homoerotic activities, and anything that might make him appear "gay" himself. He also put great emphasis on wanting to fondle women's breasts and to gain access to the vaginas of women to fulfil his Love Quest, and showed annoyance at trolls altering the female characters in his comics with having penises. All of these have become major points of trolling Chris.
During the CWCipedia Saga in particular, Chris's homophobia at the time became a popular point of trolling him, with trolls vandalizing the wiki with various ads that advocate for gay rights, and establishing the trolling message board Gay 4 Sonichu, which posed as a forum for LGBTQ+ fans of Sonichu. When the Mailbag was established, one of the trolls seemed to have taken note of various instances of other trolls catfishing Chris with fake sweethearts, and put their own twist on it, adapting the persona of Bailey Jay, who at the time was a very prominent figure amongst the transgender community, and unlike other fake sweethearts, had come with a special package.
Interactions with Chris
The troll taking on the Bailey persona had first interacted with Chris in Mailbag 8, where they posed as a true and honest fan of the Sonichu comics.[2] They also showed gratitude towards Episode 19 of the comic, proclaiming that they were having a hard time finding a boyfriend, seducing Chris. Chris replied, calling Bailey "pretty" and "cute", and tries to give her confidence that she can find "free guys".
One of the two images Bailey had sent to Chris, which she labeled as "downright naughty".
Bailey finally replied back to Chris in Mailbag 25.[1] Bailey tells Chris that the reason she had trouble finding men to fall in love with was because of her online career as a porn actress, to which she then sent Chris some links to nude photos of herself. Chris, noticing that Bailey had something other than the expected ounce of vagina, was shocked by the revelations, and expressed mixed feelings at what he just saw. While he still deemed Bailey "pretty", and was attracted to her, he also found the discovery disheartening, comparing it to a scene in the movie "The Crying Game".
In Mailbag 27, Bailey expressed feeling hurt by Chris's comment of her being a "hermaphrodite", and her yearning towards being a cisgender woman.[3] She also stated that the reason for sending the pictures was due to her being infatuated with Chris, believing that he wouldn't be intimidated like other men. Despite Chris's initial shock, Bailey sent more explicit pictures of herself to Chris, which she claimed she made as "safe-for-work" as possible.
Chris then changes his tone towards Bailey, and instead apologizes to her and expresses sympathy towards her situation. He talks about what his life might have been like if he was born female himself, citing some of the "emotional, caring, self-conscious" thoughts in his lifetime, seemingly under the belief that he was meant to be born female instead.
I apologize for my recent response, and I can relate to how you feel. Sometimes, I wonder what my life would be like if I was born female instead, because of some of my emotional, caring, self-conscious thoughts I had in my lifetime. Then I would later remember that God must have made me all straight male for good reasons.
Along with this, he discusses the stress that he receives from what little work he does on his comics and the trolling he receives. Towards the end of the message, he again wishes Bailey to find a lover who would accept her fully. Another interesting bit is when he claims that if he were to raise a "hermaphrodite", he'd strictly raise them as a boy. He also asks Bailey if she had any intention of having bottom surgery, a question which made Chris feel he was crossing boundaries for asking.
Bailey's last message to Chris was in Mailbag 28, though this was to tell Chris that she had accidentally sent him an incorrect link by mistake, likely in reference to the fact that she had sent Chris explicit photos despite Chris's shock. Chris only replied to this with "It's okay".[4] Trolls have then taken this to mean that Chris was okay with penises, just so long as it was on a woman, and Chris's interactions with Bailey had lived in infamy from then on, with some even going as far to claim that Chris wasn't disgusted at all by Bailey, and that he was actually hitting on her.[note 1]
Gallery
The following are some of the images that Bailey had sent to Chris.
A picture that Bailey sent to Chris when they first interacted.
"cute"
Notes
↑ The fact that Chris still showed some degree of attraction towards Bailey, despite his discovery, and what he would soon become after this encounter, only seemed to add fuel to the flame in this regard.
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 Mailbag 25#It's a trap, again!
↑ Mailbag 8#It's a trap
↑ Mailbag 27#Is Chris hitting on Bailey Jay?
↑ Mailbag 28#Chris is okay with shemale cock
See Also
Chris and gender
Chris and sexuality
Gender dysphoria
Hermaphrodite
Transgender
CWCipedia Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Cogsdev
Champthom
Mao Ling
The Wallflower
Jack Thaddeus
Alec Benson Leary
Vivian Gee
Bailey Jay
Evan George
Ignatius J. Reilly
Vandalism
Advertisements
Mailbag
Gay 4 Sonichu
Chris's Wikipedia profile
CWC Blog
CWCRockin4Way.jpg
Autism Awareness E-mails
Jack Thaddeus Calls (1 • 2 • 3)
Coinciding Sagas: Asperchu, Tito
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Bailey_Jay&oldid=347578"