Title: Barbara Chandler
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jack_Smithey
Categories: Honest Articles, Incest Saga, Articles of the Now, People, People from Virginia, People from the United States, Family Members, Sweethearts, People Chris has had Sex with, Silent Generation, Articles with Jail Saga speculation
================================================================================

Note on Credibility:
Barbara Chandler has been deemed to be an unreliable narrator for the following reasons:• Barb has a long history of manipulating people.• She might also have dementia or some other cognitive disability. Alternatively, she may be faking dementia symptoms on camera.
Bear this in mind, and use healthy skepticism when taking statements from the subject being discussed.
This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
NOTE:
Barb has not been confirmed to have dementia.
For more info, click here.
“
I am close to my mother, but I would advise some space between you and your mother. And I recommend finding yourself a Girlfriend/Sweetheart to remain with in your later years of life. Mama's not gonna be around forever.
”
Chris feigns giving advice to a Sonichu fan.[1]
“
She threatens to kill me in her episode of emotional rage.
”
Chris, on Barbara's reaction to his early transgender identity.[2]
“
Barbara was more of a “Guilty Pleasure” waifu
”
Chris roleplaying as Magi-Chan, demonstrating his Oedipus complex.[3]
“
I told Barbara about [Mia Hamm], and Barbara literally propotioned [sic] me for sex by telling me, "I would have had sex with you myself, Christian." And in one aspect of her unconsciousness, Barbara had considered me being a replacement for Mister C. after September 6, 2011.
So, yeah, Barbara, in a way, did become an emotional burden on I.
”
Chris, implying some blame on Barbara for the Affair with Mother.[4]
Barbara Chandler
Information
Name
Barbara Chandler
Date of birth
(1941-10-01) October 1, 1941
(age 84)
Also known as
BarbBobcatSnorlaxSugar DarlingBarbieBarbie Chan[5]lady friend[6]Merlin[7]
Birth name
Barbara Ann Weston
Gender
Female
Religion
Presbyterian
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Magician's assistant (1967-1976)Substitute English teacher (Early 1960s)Office worker (retired)
Spouse
Ran Coleman Yeatts Sr. (1961–1963, divorce)Walter Jerome Harmon Jr. (1968-1980, divorce)Robert Franklin Chandler, Jr. (1980–2011, his death)
Children
Joseph Cole SmitheyChristian Weston Chandler
Mother
Carrie Edna Wynn (1911–1968)
Father
Joseph Otto "Joe" Weston (1896–1955)
Saga
Early Childhood, Nathaniel Greene, High School, GAMePLACe, Ivy, Second Exile, Incest, Jail
Barbara 'Barb' Weston Chandler[8] (née Weston, formerly Yeatts and Smithey; born 1 October 1941[9]) is the widow of Bob Chandler and the mother of Christian Weston Chandler and Cole Smithey. The sole recognition for her motherly qualities is the Mother of the Year 2000 Award Chris created for her.[10] She has not won the award since.
Though Bob has remained relatively popular with trolls and Christorians alike, the same cannot be said for Barbara, who has been consistently disliked by nearly everyone but Chris and her late husband – with many members of her own family distancing themselves from her at least since at least the funeral of one of Chris's aunts. Whereas Bob eventually recognized his shortcomings as a parent to Chris and attempted to correct them late into his life, Barbara has consistently been one of the biggest enablers of Chris's bad behavior since he was a child, on top of emotionally manipulating, threatening, and on occasion physically abusing him (elements which Chris would turn around and use on her later in her life). Barbara has been instrumental in turning Chris into the spoiled manchild that he is, and like Bob before her, has encouraged him not to seek a serious career path in favor of getting welfare off of his condition, in spite of the fact that he could get a minimum-wage job and still qualify for welfare.
It has long been suspected that she has some form of narcissistic personality disorder, which goes hand-in-hand with what we know about her neglectful to abusive relationship with Chris, along with his half-brother Cole Smithey, who received a much worse treatment from her. Her hoarding habits also indirectly lead to the 2014 house fire, as sparks from a coffee maker that had no business being plugged into an extension cord in the bathroom burned the paper, plastic, and wood in the room before engulfing the house, and much of the Financhu Crisis is subsequently on her.
For much of the Classic Era of Christory, Barbara was extremely obese and napped a lot (earning her the nickname "Snorlax," after the fat, sleepy Pokémon of the same name), but she has since shed a ton of weight in her twilight years. This sharp loss of weight, loss of hair color, and knowledge of her son's status as a living internet meme all factored into her role in appearing in multiple begging videos.
On 27 June 2021, Chris began an incestuous relationship with Barbara,[11] claiming to have sex every three nights.[12] A month later, on 27 July 2021,[13] Chris decided to brag about the identity of his sexual partner in a call over the Signal app and in text messages the following day. The material was leaked to the general public at approximately past midnight on 30 July; later that morning, a welfare check was conducted at 14 Branchland Court, and as a result, Chris was banned from the house and from contact with Barbara for a week, and Barbara was sent to the hospital for a senior care inspection.[14] On 1 August, Chris was arrested at Regency Inn Richmond and charged with incest.[15]
Barbara returned to her residence at some point in August 2021.[16][17] She then had a phone call with Chris on 28 September, and according to Chris, Barbara both visited[18] and wrote him a letter in October 2021 during his stay in jail.[19][20]
In November 2021, Barbara failed to yield the right-of-way while driving[21] and was injured in a car crash from which she suffered two broken ribs and a concussion and her van was wrecked,[22] and she was helped to recover from it by extended family members.[23]
Barbara and Chris no longer live together, with Barbara continuing to reside in Ruckersville and Chris moving to Big Island, VA.
Contents
1 Spelling of name
2 Early life
3 Cole and his various fathers
3.1 Ran Coleman Yeatts
3.2 Jack Smithey
3.3 Jerry Harmon
4 Life with Bob
5 Relations with Chris
5.1 Abuse and manipulation
5.2 Financial exploitation
5.3 Pampering
5.4 Chris and the Internet
5.5 Intimate behavior
5.6 Post-incest
5.7 After Chris's jail stint
6 Pets
7 Quirks
7.1 Meals
8 Health problems
8.1 Weight
8.2 "Holey buttocks"
8.3 Dental
8.4 Hearing loss
8.5 Aging
8.6 Other
9 Mental problems
9.1 Hoarding
9.2 Memory?
10 Legal problems
11 Financial problems
12 Appearances
12.1 In Sonichu
12.2 As toys
12.3 Audio
12.4 Videos
13 Gallery
14 See Also
15 References
Spelling of name
Barbara's high school yearbook and both her marriage licenses spell her full maiden name as Barbara Ann Weston, as do other sources like Harvey Powers's genealogical website[9] (her divorce decree omits the middle name entirely). Chris, however, usually (though not consistently) spells her name as Barbara Anne Weston Chandler with an e. This may be because he believes she is named after Anne Boleyn.
Barbara's name is misspelled as "Barbra" in the Emergency Protective Order filed against Chris in July 2021.
Early life
“
Her life was a Redneck Simple Country one. She had mastered sewing, mending, and making clothes and other farm-life facets and Church-Going habits.
”
Chris describes his mother's childhood[4]
Barbara's senior photo from high school. While she looks pretty here, she would not age well.
Barbara is the fifth child (out of eight) of Joseph Otto "Joe" Weston (1896–1955), a lifelong farmer and carpenter and Carrie Edna Wynn (1911–1968), a housewife and later a shoe company worker in Lynchburg.[24] They married in February 1927, when Carrie was 15 years old and Joseph was 30. They lied about their ages in their marriage certificate.[25][26] Joe died in 1955, after falling from a horse-drawn wagon.[27] Barb's maternal grandfather was an alcoholic moonshiner, who carried out affairs and failed to provide even the most basic support for her mother's family.[28] For whatever reason, Barb believes that she is descended from Anne Boleyn, but this is impossible given that Elizabeth I, Boleyn's only daughter, died without an heir. She also thinks that a more recent ancestor named Daniel Weston boarded the Mayflower, but no such person exists.
Barb, emboldened by her hoard, evolved into a Snorlax over time.
Barb grew up in a low-income farming household in Red Oak, Virginia, a rural area in the far south of the state. An early memory from when she was two years old was seeing her father covered in silver paint, having fallen off the roof of their house while painting it and nearly killed himself.[4] She graduated from Randolph-Henry High School in Charlotte Court House, Virginia in 1960. Due to family poverty, she was obliged to sew her own clothing.[29] While at Randolph-Henry, she was treasurer of her school's chapter of the Future Homemakers of America, a reporter of the Randolph-Henry safety bus patrol, a typist for her school yearbook, The Log, and a member of the Spanish Club. She was also a member of many other school organizations, suggesting that she was very involved in extracurricular activities while in high school. She was also known for her perfect attendance record from her sophomore through her senior years of high school. According to her senior yearbook, her nickname in high school was Bobcat.
Barb had two boyfriends in high school, one of whom was Tom Ashby, who would later marry her younger sister Harriet. According to a Facebook status Chris wrote on 29 January 2012, Barbara lost her virginity during her high school years. Why Chris knows this is anyone's guess, although it's possible that he learned the basic principles of Honest Content from Mommy Dearest. In a jail letter from 10 May 2022, however, Chris denies that Barbara ever had sex with her high school boyfriends, although he claims that her sisters accused her of doing so.[4]
According to a leaked message to Bella, Barbara has had sex with eight different men over the course of her life (not including Chris). Chris claims she told him that she has never masturbated.
Shortly after graduating from high school in 1960, Barb left Red Oak and, "...decided to set off on her own... in search for romance and her future." Apparently, she left in order to go to college, breaking off her relationship with Tom, who was one year her junior. After Barb moved away, "her siblings, cousins, and others in Redoak" began to spread rumors about her and call her a slut in her absence. Around this time her mother also disowned her.[30] As it turned out, her relationship with her family would never get much better. Barb's relationship with Harriet and Tom is especially strained. Chris stated in a leaked video that he and his mother are not liked by the members of the Weston family who have outlived Corrina.[31]
According to Chris, Barb majored in "accounting and numbers."[29] Where Barb attended college is unknown, but it may have been Wake Forest College, where her future first husband, Ran Coleman Yeatts, was studying at the time. Wherever it was, she probably dropped out in 1961, when he graduated and married her. Her divorce report with Jerry and marriage certificate to Bob both say that she had not completed any years of college education.
Cole and his various fathers
Cole visits for Chris's 18th birthday.
From approximately 1961 through 1980, Barbara lived in Richmond. At one point, she aspired to be an English teacher and occasionally filled in for other teachers as a substitute.[32][33] Ultimately, however, she ended up working in a series of secretarial roles, including at Reynolds Metals Company.[34]
Over the course of Barb's adult life prior to meeting Bob, she had relationships with five men, three of whom are known by name.[4]
Barbara gave birth to Cole in 1963. Throughout his life, Barbara has lied to Cole about who his father is.
Based on his experiences with various stepfathers, Cole thinks that Barbara has a "...proclivity to isolate herself via scurrilous mates."[35] The use of "scurrilous" in this statement makes no sense, suggesting Cole tries to use big words to impress people – a family trait, perhaps.
Ran Coleman Yeatts
Cole's TRUE and HONEST biological father, Ran Coleman Yeatts Sr., from the 1961 Wake Forest College yearbook.
Barbara in her wedding dress at age 19, June 1961
Records found by Cole in Richmond show that Barb married one Ran Coleman Yeatts, a personnel analyst for DPT, on June 17, 1961. Yeatts was born on 27 December 1939 in Pittsylvania County, Virginia but grew up in South Hill, a town about 35 miles east of Red Oak which also happens to be the hometown of Barb's mother Carrie and her moonshiner dad. Yeatts graduated from Park View High School from South Hill in 1957 and later that year he was enrolled at Wake Forest College in Winston-Salem, North Carolina (now Wake Forest University).[36][37][38][39] An Alpha Sigma Phi brother, he graduated from Wake Forest with a BA degree in human resources management in spring 1961, a few months before he and Barb married.[40] Coincidentally, Bob Chandler was also living in Winston-Salem around the same time, where he was married to Patricia Faye Harley and working as an engineer.
According to their marriage certificate, Ran, a technician for The Virginia State Highway Department, was living in Richmond at the time of the marriage, while Barb, a secretary for Glidden Company of Richmond, was still living in Red Oak. Although however, two newspaper articles from April and June 1961 stated that Barb was already living in Richmond. They were married at a Baptist church in Wylliesburg, Virginia near Red Oak (which the divorce documents misspell as "Sylliesburg").
A divorce was granted to Barb on 15 May 1963, at which point she was pregnant with Cole and living in Richmond. The decree states that Ran deserted her on 28 April 1962, although the final digit in "1962" appears to have been altered from a "3". The divorce license lists zero children. Cole was born two months later, on 24 July 1963.
To further fuel Cole's rage, Yeatts would visit him during his childhood and be introduced as a "friend of the family".[41] After Cole hired a private detective, Barbara hung up on him when he called to ask about his father.[41]
Yeatts later remarried and died aged 67 on 6 June 2007. His obituary in the Richmond Times-Dispatch makes no mention of Cole or Barb, although it indicates that Ran had a grandson also named Cole.[42]
Per the Cole Smithey E-mails, it appears that Barb's nickname for Ran was "Ramblin' Randy", although there is a slim chance that nickname refers to another ex-lover of Barb's whom we know nothing about.
April 1961 - Charlotte Gazette newspaper about Barb and Ran's engagement announcement.
June 1961 - Richmond Times Dispatch newspaper about Barb and Ran's marriage announcement.
1961 6 17 - Barb and Ran marriage license
1963 5 15 - Barb, Ran divorce
Jack Smithey
Barb insists that Cole's father is Jack Dale Smithey, to whom she claims she was once married. However, Cole was unable to find a marriage license for the couple or any photographs from their alleged wedding.[35] Indeed, Christorians have been frustrated in their efforts to locate any such evidence; their ability and persistence in documenting everything Chris-adjacent rivals that of any private detective. In 1995, Cole's friend, syndicated cartoonist Ted Rall, made an Internet post questioning the whereabouts of Jack Dale Smithey. According to the post, Smithey lived in Richmond in 1963 (the year Cole was born) and was a Merchant Marine. He later worked as a trucker for Pilot Trucking in North Carolina but had not been heard of since 1964.[43] Cole eventually hired a private detective who tracked down Jack Smithey in Sarasota, Florida.[41]
Although there is no hard evidence that Barb was ever married to Jack, newspaper articles from the 1960s indicate that she used the surname Smithey up until she married Jerry Harmon in 1968. According to Barbara (as quoted by Chris), she and Jack had a "fancy" wedding which was attended by her sisters and mother. Chris told Cole that Barbara considers Jack "a total drunk and loser".[41]
In July 2021, (in the middle of his incestuous affair with her), Chris asked Barbara about her relationship with Jack.
“
Short story of it is that Jack and Barbie went out, sexed up, knocked her up.
Then he hit the road; was not in it to be a daddy. The life on the open road called out to him more.
”
Chris on Jack
Chris also mentioned that no photos of Jack were kept at home, though they did have photos of Jerry.[44]
Jack died in 2010 at the age of 81 in Winston-Salem.
Jerry Harmon
Jerry Harmon performing magic tricks with Barb assisting him, December 1968.
Jerry's employee bio in a booklet published by radio station WRVA, 1950.
Walter Jerome "Jerry" Harmon, Jr. was Barbara's second (or third) ex-husband and the alleged sinister stepfather of Cole Smithey, Chris's older half-brother. Jerry was born on July 1st, 1931 in Springfield, Massachusetts but grew up in Millboro, Virginia and later Richmond. Jerry's father died when he was 18 months old.[45] Much like Bob, Jerry had a technical background; he had graduated from Capitol Technology University (then Capital Radio Engineering Institute) in Laurel, Maryland and worked as a broadcast engineer at local radio station WRVA around 1950.[46] In April 1951, Jerry fathered a child out of wedlock with Nancy Louise Janetos. The mother offered the child up for adoption until she and Jerry married in September of 1951. The couple eventually regained custody of their baby in 1953 following a legal case Harmon v. D'Adamo[45]
that was taken all the way to the Virginia Supreme Court. At some point, Jerry ended up in the military, which Cole has written about in two articles. According to Cole, Jerry was a combat medic during the Korean War before switching his role to train his soldiers in specialized combat techniques, such as decapitation using piano wire (with watermelons standing in for actual heads during this training). He was also a captain in the Civil Air Patrol and would pilot planes during and after the Korean War. One time, he was injured after crash-landing his plane during a fighter pilot mission in Korea.
According to the adoption court case records, Jerry wished to further study medicine at University of Richmond, though it is unclear if this ever happened. Somewhat ironically, while married to Barb, Jerry served in different roles with the Richmond Mental Health Association,[47] where he was known for building a model of the human nervous system, which he brought to speaking engagements.
Barbara claims to have married Jerry after her relationships with Jack Dale Smithey and Ran Coleman Yeatts. However, in the course of Cole's investigation into his family history, he was unable to find a marriage certificate.[41] That being said, there is a divorce record which claims that Jerry and Barbara married on 18 June 1968 in Washington D.C. and divorced on 7 January 1980 after one year of living apart, three weeks before Bob had divorced his first wife Patricia. In a Facebook comment from 2020, Cole claims that Jerry adopted him in 1966.[48][49]
“
I grew up in an abusive household with Barbara and my former stepfather Jerry, where physical and mental punishments ran the gamut from bare-assed beatings to cold showers to bizarre scenarios acted out with glee by two deeply neurotic adults... Even at a very young age, I knew that they would abandon me. They were both irresponsible and incompetent parents who exposed me to traumas that I would rather not remember.
”
Cole on Barb and Jerry's parenting skills.[41]
“
He might not have been the best dad, but Jerry was a humanitarian, as evidenced by his actions.
”
Cole being more charitable towards Jerry.[49]
Jerry Harmon with Barbara and young Cole in late 1960s/early 1970s
In both his article "Saturday Night Special" and "Operation Snowball: My First Career in Show Business," Cole would further elaborate on his first stepfather in his early life and later life (look above). According to Cole, Jerry was a professional magician for decades since he was 20, was a dedicated freemason and was an active member of the Invisible Lodge. Jerry lived with Barbara in a second-floor apartment adjacent to the campus of Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond during the early 1970s. Jerry allegedly kept a gun in his nightstand drawer, which his stepson would play with, and was out cheating on his wife when an intruder came to the apartment, forcing Barb to retrieve and fire the gun to scare them off. The shot ricocheted off the floor and the apartment's steel door and nearly killed Cole as a result, hitting the wall a hair's breadth behind his head. Cole would later remove the first article from his blog.
Cole describes how Jerry, Barb, and himself took part in an annual traveling magic show which performed at mental hospitals and veteran hospitals in Virginia every Christmas season from 1967 to 1976. The trio performed under the name of "King Karnak, Barbie, and Cole". Each show would end with Jerry chopping off Barb's head with a guillotine. During this time and later of his life, Jerry worked as a radio announcer for WEZS radio station. Cole claimed that the former Virginia Governor Mills Godwin would pilot them around in a Cessna Twin-Engine plane to their magic show and Jerry would sometimes pilot the plane.
Cole would further elaborate more about Jerry. He was an ambulance driver for the Richmond volunteer rescue squad; he also taught police recruits Standard First Aid before he began working for the mental health agency headquartered at Monument Avenue. Cole even said that Jerry cared about mental health movements so much that the whole purpose for the magic show performance at local hospitals were to provide entertainment for the patients, war veteran patients and mentally ill patients. Aside from this, Jerry was also the owner of his own company Karnak Enterprises, which specializes in production work, special effects and entertainment.[49][50][51] Interestingly, Jerry married a woman named Rose LaNora Lotts in 1981, whom he first met when she was employed as an assistant for his "King Karnak" act, suggesting that she replaced Barb in more ways than one.[51]
1980 1 7 - Barb and Jerry's divorce record
Life with Bob
“
He is only interested in making things look like he did 'em, it was his idea and I really didn't have anything to do with it. Even when I help him. I get no credit for anything. He never gives me credit to my face. Or if he's talking to anybody else. Just like he tells you sometimes, “Well I don't get no help from your mother.”
”
Barb ranting about her husband to Chris[52]
Nearly happy looking Borb in 2000
1980 6 7 - Borb's marriage license
Bob and Barbara met at "Maddy's Pub" in Richmond[53] (probably Matt's British Pub in Shockoe Slip, where Bob was a sing-along leader)[54] one night in 1979. Barbara was there with friends and Bob was singing.[55] Cole's friend Chuck, who worked at the bar, vividly recalled them being a pair of drunken dumbasses.[56] According to Chris, Barbara did the pursuing: "She chased him down the hall." They married in 1980.[55] Chris claims that, "Barbara, In her own words, Married him because 'He owned a house'."[4] Later that year Bob was transferred from Richmond to Charlottesville. They settled in the outlying suburb of Ruckersville.
Barbara worked for several years as a finance secretary for numerous companies and businesses, included Virginia Power (VEPCO, today called Dominion Energy) and First North American National Bank (partnered with Circuit City.)[57]
[29]
In September 1993, Chris and Bob moved from Ruckersville to Chesterfield County near Richmond so that Chris would be able to attend middle school at a mainstream school.[58] Barbara did not accompany them and remained in Ruckersville. Chris claimed that the separation allowed Barbara to continue working at her job until retirement and that she still visited Bob and Chris every weekend during the time she lived separately from them. After going into retirement when Chris was in the eighth grade (early 1996), Barbara came to live with her husband and son in Chesterfield.[59][60]
With both Barbara and Bob retired, they spent their twilight years from 2000 onward living in their Ruckersville home with Chris. It is difficult to ascertain what their relationship was like, but sources such as the tour of the house would suggest that Chris's parents neglected the family home and spent most of their time apart in separate areas of the house. According to Chris, Barbara had not had sex with Bob for at least two decades before his death. They began sleeping in different rooms sometime around the mid-2000s "because they're not as close as they should, used to or can be".[61] It can be presumed that as they got older, they grew more distant, but never to the point of wanting a divorce.
Barbara became a widow on 6 September 2011 when Bob died.[62]
Relations with Chris
Barb c. 1993.
Age was not kind to Barb.
Abuse and manipulation
“
And he told me of mom saying she was going to pack up and leave the house, then I ran downstairs, finding her on the couch; she was soo miserable and sad; she talked of Wanting to Die, "you don't even have to change my clothes, you can just bury me in what I have on." I was soo sad and crying and soo sorry for the way I misbehaved; we hugged and made up a bit.
”
An example of Barb's manipulation.[63]
Barb has had a long history of abusing and/or manipulating her children. For example, she has often used threats of suicide to guilt Chris into obeying her whims. When Bob and Chris once tried to discuss cleaning the hoard with Barb, she responded by threatening suicide.[64]
She also threatened suicide to her family during the Ivy Saga, supposedly as a response to the stress she was going through.[65]
In an episode from 2011, when Chris failed to book himself a hotel room for MAGfest, due to being broke, and planned to sleep in his car,[66] Barb prevented him from going by pointing out the, "...crime risk and chilly temperatures," threatening to lock him out of their house, claiming that she would pack up and leave, and later told him she wanted to die. After Chris folded and went to his room to cry about it, she gave him a "half-payment of a copy of DC Universe Online to make up for not allowing [him] to go."[63] Later that year, after Chris became a tomgirl, Barb tried to stop him from wearing dresses and make-up by telling him she feared he would kill her. She then ordered him to sit down, and she cut his hair.[2]
In addition, Barb has used the specter of old age for her own gain, by manipulating Chris into thinking she will have a heart attack. This tactic has been used so often that Chris will panic and call 911 if Barb does not answer the phone when he calls her to check up on her when he is out of the house.[67] When Barb and Chris were both arrested for assault and battery, Chris was extremely worried about her health, saying in an email:
My mother fought the police in my defense, and she was handcuffed and I was emotionally distraught, I screamed and Screamed and SCREAMED, until an ambulance came for my mother to take her to UVA Hospital; she was okay, but her Blood Pressure was high.
I prayed a LOT to Jesus for my release and safe return home with my mother. And I banged the cell door with both my feet while lying on a folding mattress on the floor (to get those bastards to let me see and talk to my mother
Only after seeing my mother in her suit pass by my second cell, did I start to calm down. I was REALLY WORRIED about my mother and her health. She Needed Me, and I Needed Her.
Marvin summed up Chris's relationship with Barb:
Well, I don't think they talk very much. However, no, Chris is Barb's hand servant. She screams for him and he comes running. She has him change the newspaper the dogs shit on, she has him run errands to bring her stuff, and she used to have him haul her goodwill crap to the car, and then from the car into the house.
...
I think Barb's yelling has gotten much less frequent nowadays. It seems like she's pretty feeble nowadays. Chris is just as scared of Barb as he used to be though. I don't think he realizes how much power he has over Barb nowadays.
They're really physically affectionate in a strange way. Chris is pretty touchy feely with women because of habits he learned by spending time with Barb.[68]
After Bob died, Barb's abuse of Chris escalated. According to Marvin, she treated him as a hand servant and forced him to be on-call at all times. Around 2013, she forced Chris to move out of his bedroom, specifically so she could bark orders at him more efficiently, by throwing a tantrum and wrecking his possessions.
a few months to a year before the fire, Chris stopped being permitted to sleep separately from Barb, in his bedroom. He had to sleep closer to Barb, because she needed to be able to yell for him to go to sheetz and buy her crap, and he wasn't able to hear her up in his bedroom. He kind of tried to resist at first, but then she got super pissed and threw a tantrum. She wrecked his room and like flipped everything over because he was trying to sleep on his own.[68]
Financial exploitation
“
she is also being Very Annoying. “Christine, Let’s put this random good item on eBay. I REALLY Need the Money for not only my bill payments, but also, we need more food here. I am greedy too.”
“OH! You sold something of Yours? I Want $50 From That”, she is constantly pestering and bugging me. Nowadays, Nearly every time she comes downstairs to talk or chill, my Impulsive, Subconscious feeling of her presence is Cringe and “Oh, No! She’s gonna Bug Me Again of the Da** Finances Again!”
”
Chris[69]
Pampering
“
Yeah, but then my Mom is pretty much jealous of me loving another woman more than her.
”
Chris, describing his Oedipus complex.[70]
“
Yes, dear.
”
Chris, addressing Barb[71]
Barb and Bob's answers on a parenting quiz.
The second page.
Horrifyingly qualifies as foreshadowing.
According to Cole, Bob and Barbara left Chris alone every day for years with the abusive babysitter while going out drinking, effectively ignoring the manifestation of the earliest symptoms of autism.[72] After Chris's initial diagnosis, and after their negligence was inevitably thrown back in their face, Barbara resorted to any means necessary to coax Chris into talking, most notoriously by bribing him with toys.[73]
Chris and Barbara in an intimate moment. A less subtle case of foreshadowing.
While both of Chris's parents are largely responsible for his current state, Barb has more often than not been the most active in protecting Chris from recognizing any failure or shortcoming on his part, doing everything from being his sole commission with Cutco to going as his date to his senior prom.
This pattern of accountability continues even into Chris's adult years. On at least two occasions, most notably after he was banned permanently, Barbara visited the GAMe PLACe attempting to protect and defend her little snowflake and argue his case with Michael Snyder, but to no avail.
Barbara constantly babies Chris and tells him how handsome he is.[74] She also told Chris that the reason he often "blanks out" or gets confused is not that he is an absent-minded, slothful buffoon, but that he is a "creative genius and is simply overwhelmed by having so many creative ideas".[75]
However, it seems that even Barb has her limits. Like Bob, she was ashamed of Chris's effeminate escapades, claiming that she did not raise a daughter, and that "tomgirl" is not a thing. She tried and failed to get Chris to stop wearing a bra and panties, even offering to pay him to stop.
Chris and the Internet
As first evidenced by the "GAMe PLACe/4Chan picture" incident, Barbara has some concerns over Chris's online misadventures, likely because she fears that he'll get arrested and go to prison. Given some of the violent states of some of his videos and Chris's track record, she is probably not too far from the truth. She also felt Chris could be vulnerable to entrapment, as she tried to discourage Chris from meeting with Blanca because she thought it was possible Blanca would have ended up being part of a sting operation that could have resulted in Chris's arrest.[76] As it turned out, Blanca was not real and was only a persona cooked up by Internet trolls seeking to humiliate Chris. She tried to screen another suspicious troll by interrogating Ivy for about half an hour, but ultimately let her speak to Chris.[65] Barbara even seems to suspect that Megan Schroeder, one of the few women Chris has known who was not out to troll him, is partially responsible for the persecution he has endured over the years.
Intimate behavior
See also: Affair with Mother
From LittleBigPlanet Autism Tutorial Part 2, Chris advised the parents of autistic children to "give them hugs..., even if they don't want to" and mentioned that Barb never stopped hugging him as a child, even when he didn't want to and then "eventually felt the love". Some children with ASD struggle with physical closeness regardless of the context. This experience may have decreased Chris's sense of personal space & boundaries, thinking that it's normal to hug, kiss, and touch females without their consent, even after they have explicitly told him not to.
“
I, myself, Did have dreams of having sex with my mother.
”
One result of Barb's parenting choices, as explained by Chris in August 2016.
To cap off their relationship, Chris revealed in private conversations with multiple people that Barb has spooned with him.[77]
From Arthur Spatchcock, on Chris sharing a bed with his mother:
Story time, kids. Now most of us are aware of the fire; how Barb and Chris were displaced for some time while the house was getting renovated. You know how Chris was all whiny about his legos, right? Some getting melted, shit like that...well he kind of left out that his own bed was ruined as well given it had years of grease soaked into it because not bathing is so chic in his eyes. So when they got back home Chris didn't have his own bed anymore so he was sharing one with Barb instead. This came with the horrifying addendum that Barb wanted to spoon with him; I don't know if he was little spoon or big spoon but I know she was unimpressed and one night just unloaded on him angrily enough that Chris decided to get his own bed with his own money. So it goes without saying that from the time Chris and Barb got back home until he got that grand he was sleeping in the same bed as his mother.[78]
In August 2016, the Man in the Pickle Suit observed Chris and Barb in public during a court hearing:[79]
Barb and Chris are way too physically intimate. It's one thing to describe their creepy relationship, it's quite another to watch it IRL. They hold hands and Chris is always putting his arm around her and rubbing her shoulders sensually. That's shit I'd do to someone I'd want to bang. Not a family member. It's weird.
“
I am not a "Bates". OMG.
”
Chris, in denial[80]
"The horror. The horror."
Barb's habit of cuddling with Chris had been going on since Bob was alive, and he knew of it, but, due to Barb's manipulation, he was not able to stop her.[81] In August 2016, Chris admitted to having incestuous fantasies about Barb, prompting further analysis of their uncomfortably intimate relationship. Chris sometimes refers to her as "dear" or "darling", as he usually does for would-be sweethearts. In his April 2018 Twitch stream, when Chris got his mother to reluctantly say "turn me loose, you silly goose" after hugging him, he commented that she "used to do that more flirtingly".
In June 2021, not long before his incestuous relationship with his mom allegedly began, Chris, completely unprompted, claimed in a Facebook post that he and Barb had never slept in the same bed:[82]
Also, during the time my mom and I slept in my bedroom, we slept in Separate Furniture; she slept on the couch, and I slept in the bed. She and I Never ever had slept in the same bed together during those short months between ‘11 and ‘12.
Never in the same bed. ⚡️💙⚡️
Throughout 2021, Chris was feeling several instances of sexual frustration, hitting on several women of interest. It has gotten to the point where Chris would release all of this sexual tension on Barbara in mid-June, where he would continuously have sexual intercourse with her every three days. The context in which this has all happened is hazy at best, as information on the affair primarily came from the Incest Call and Incest Texts where he describes incestuous acts, and a few leaked chats Chris had with people. Throughout his affair with Barbara, Chris would hint at having such an affair online, calling Barbara a "sweetheart over 50". Sometime after the call and texts were leaked, several concerned observers would contact authorities about the affair, leading to his separation from Barbara, and later, his arrest.
Post-incest
“
the Legal prerequisite for my return Home to the Sonichu Temple is the relocation of Barbara. But Barb is being a Majorly Stubborn Individual in relocating her self.
”
A selfish Chris wishing for the removal of Barbara from her own home.[83]
“
She married Robert for the fact he Had the House to Live in. Meditate on that. Also, Barb is literally a Zombie-Like Living Body with little remaining of Barbara (her Soul) within her anymore; that living body is Running on Fumes at this point.
”
Chris doubling down.[84]
A drawing by Chris featuring himself with his mother, drawn in June 2022 and depicting June 2021.[85]
According to Chris, Barbara visited[18] and wrote[19] to him during October 2021, while he was held in Central Virginia Regional Jail on a charge of incest.
However, Chris developed resentment towards Barbara. This appears to come from two factors:
Chris thinking Barbara should have been "interrogated" for her side of the Affair with Mother.[4]
Barbara declining to leave 14 Branchland Court (Barbara's house in which he had lived), which Chris believed threw a wrench into his plan to return there.From his jail cell, Chris hatched schemes to try to compel Barbara to move out of the house: he tried to convince his business manager Caden Peck to call the police on Barbara for theoretical crimes from the past,[86] to create a Kickstarter to raise $150,000 to pay off 14 Branchland's mortgage and pay "some" for Barbara to move to a nursing home, and to try to convince Barbara to leave.[83] However, there is no evidence that Caden agreed to assist Chris. Chris also attempted to convince Kenneth Engelhardt and Helena Fiorenza to help with his fundraiser scheme, and they both balked at the idea.[87]
Much of Chris's resentment of Barbara appears to follow from his stint at Western State Hospital, suggesting that therapists there had discussed his mother with him - in
a May 2022 letter, Chris described Barbara using his own spin on the phrase "Generational Trauma", a term used in psychological circles and with no known use by Chris beforehand.[4]
In June 2022, Chris drew an art piece as a commission. It depicted June 2021, with Chris falsely claiming he had foreknown he and Barbara were to become separated. He wrote a delusional and self-serving perspective on what he perceived to be his and Barbara's relationship moving forward:[85]
“
But, essentially, regardless of her past emotional manipulations and whatnot, I still cared and had patience when it came to tending to her care. Yet I could not escape emotions that she and I had already were drifting apart. And that had become more clear over the past year with her worsening handicaps and lethargy. I've realized, despite my efforts with her, she had become an emotional burden even moreso than before and was holding me back. But ultimately, to return to better progress, work and life, I have had to make the hard emotional choice to let her go. I've wept while writing this.
”
After Chris's jail stint
Chris and Barbara, February 2024, at a notary service.
A major change that came from the summer 2021 incest is that Barbara and Chris no longer live together as of late July 2021. On the 30th, Chris was served an Emergency Protective Order banning him from 14 Branchland Court.[14] After his nearly two-year stay in Central Virginia Regional Jail on a charge of incest, Chris went to live at Gateway Homes for a brief time, then business manager Caden Peck financed a home in Big Island, VA in which Chris currently lives.
Chris has been observed returning to 14 Branchland Court. On 4 September 2023, a r/ChrisChanSonichu user photographed his car in the driveway.[88] On 7 November 2023, another r/ChrisChanSonichu user claimed to have seen both Barbara and Chris at the house. The user alleged that Chris mentioned having taken Barbara shopping and that he was taking some belongings to his house.[89] In April 2024, The Chris Chan Conspiracy creator GamerFromMars claimed that Chris had told him that he visits Barbara about once a month.[90]
In February 2024, Chris and Barbara went to a store's notary service to attempt to get a legal affidavit notarized.[91]
Barbara seen at center window
Chris has also occasionally alluded to returning to the house on social media. On 22 April 2024, he uploaded Harvesting Process, Gravel at the Sonichu Temple, which shows him gathering gravel in the driveway. In September 2024, he posted photos of his custom-drawn yard sign supporting Kamala Harris's run for the presidency; in one photo, Barbara can be glimpsed in the window. In November 2024, Chris informed fans that his PO Box had been closed in error, and that they could send mail to 14 Branchland Court instead. Chris noted that either the mail would be forwarded to him, or he would personally retrieve it.[92]
On 24 February 2025, Barbara remarked about Chris's birthday to a fan who had stopped to view 14 Branchland Court. According to the fan, Barbara stepped out to ask why he was there, requested not to be filmed, then asked him when his birthday was before commenting, “I have a son, It’s his birthday today”. The fan snapped two photos of her approaching him.[93][94]
In May 2025, Chris claimed to a ween that he had not seen Barbara for a few months, but that she calls him to ask what her bank balance is since she doesn't have easy access to it.[95]
Pets
“
They both need some serious training, and my mom recently met, and flirted with, a verified "Smith" who is a pro dog trainer. He offered to train the beagles for a discount from his original rate.
”
Chris in 2012[96]
As of March 2024, Barbara's pets are the beagle Clover and some of the Chandler Cats. Barbara has a history of neglect towards the pets.
Clover, as well as her deceased brother Snoopy, were acquired as puppies by Barbara and Chris. It had been Barbara's idea to get a beagle for a pet, and Chris eventually agreed to it.[97] Snoopy was officially Barbara's, while Clover was ostensibly Chris's. However, Chris has criticized Barbara's decisions on the dogs, an implication she was in control.[98]
Despite being a hoarder, Barbara neglected to clear sufficient space for the dogs. At one point, Snoopy fell off a "mountain of clothes" as a puppy, leaving his leg permanently damaged.[99] Both dogs were usually kept inside the house, to the point they became obese and relieve themselves on newspapers. Chris has commented it would be ideal if the dogs could use Patti's old pen in the side yard instead.[98]
In regards to the cats, Scamper was killed as a result of the 2014 house fire, of which Barbara's hoarding was a major factor. Barbara also accidentally locked Sorbet inside a room overnight, and Chris found him early morning when feeding the other cats.[100]
Quirks
Meals
The night after the Chandler family moved back to Ruckersville in 2000, Bob and Chris refused a spaghetti dinner offered by Barb. As a response, Barb decided to forgo cooking for her family and did not make a meal for Chris for at least eleven years afterwards. Chris mentioned in 2011 that she was still upset over it:[101]
“
The spaghetti topic is soo yesterdecade, but apparently she remembers it as well as having a very close relative pass away. Obviously I can empathize with that; I still have my chip on the shoulder from Michael Snyder banning me from the Game & Hobby Place
”
Chris in a 2011 email[101]
Barb may have resumed making meals at some point. In a September 2019 chat, Chris said he was concerned over his hypertension and "told Barbara to kill the spicy foods for a while."[102]
In a May 2016 begging video, Chris claimed to need money for food, and gave as an example bananas, which he said Barb liked to eat.[103]
In the mid-2010s, Barb's doctor advised that she drink meal replacement shakes.[104] In Minor Update, Handouts!, a set of begging videos from May 2017, Chris asked his audience for money, claiming it was needed to pay for more of Barb's meal shakes, and admitted he had neglected to buy enough for the month. Barb also made an appearance in which she mentioned consuming the meal shakes. Barb again mentioned the meal shakes during a livestream in April 2018, saying that she liked them and referred to them as "chocolate milkshakes."[105]
In the August 2018 video Shoe Colouring, Barb mentioned that she did some cooking for her dinner and lunch, which consisted of chicken, fish, and half a can of yams.
Health problems
Weight
Artist's depiction.
Like Chris, Barbara was obese at the time of his discovery by the internet. As late as the 1990s, Barbara was reasonably slim, but she, along with Chris, ballooned out as the 2000s rolled along, to the point of resembling English serial killer Rose West. Her massive size earned her the affectionate nickname Snorlax from the trolls. Barb's size may have led to her sleeping a lot[106] and usually skipping church.[107]
However, according to eyewitness reports, Barbara lost weight in 2012.[108] Her weight loss is visible in photos Chris took of her at a 2012 Mythbusters tour stop in Washington, DC.[109]
This has continued into her old age. When she attended Chris's court hearings throughout 2015, Christorians in attendance invariably noted that although she has lost weight, she appears to have low muscle mass; probably due to her sedentary lifestyle. In particular, at his last hearing, it was noted that Barb appeared to be growing increasingly frail, and appeared much more passive to Chris than she has otherwise been known to be, as she did not present as very responsive. Chris also reportedly got short with her due to her poor hearing.
In 2018, Chris decided to cash in on the Snorlax joke, claiming that his mother found it funny. He listed a plush Snorlax for sale on eBay, at $200.
“
Hey, Everyone! Those in the meme-know: the times when my mother used to be large and lazy, everyone called her a Snorlax. Well, Barbara likes the joke too, and can laugh it off as she is doing a lot better these days. So, one time only, she signed a Snorlax Plush, and YOU can own it; a 20% More Awesome Collectible. A personal Certificate or Letter of Authenticity will be included. Thank you.
”
"Holey buttocks"
In a tweet to Cole from June 29, 2013, Chris tells him that "[he] ought to be over here putting bandages on [their] Mom's holey buttocks". It was not clear exactly what sort of problem this referred to, though it hardly sounds pleasant. On October 14, 2013, Chris elaborated in a Facebook post, stating, "my mother stresses me with her continuous rants about her damn miniature scabie flies, her suffering, the low finances and shit!!!". The consensus was that the so-called "holey buttocks" were, in fact, lesions. It is now believed that Barb has (or had) a colony of parasitic mites, rather than flies, that have burrowed into her prodigious posterior. Naturally, while Barb is being eaten alive by parasites other than Chris, her child whines about having to take care of her.
Dental
In August 2014, Chris begged for money on Facebook, supposedly to pay dental fees, as he claimed his mother had cavities in her teeth that needed treatment. In July 2016, Barb herself begged for money.[110] Chris and Barb restarted begging for dental money in early 2018.
Hearing loss
During Chris's October 2015 court hearing for pepper spraying a GameStop employee, Marvin was in attendance and observed Chris imply that Barbara had hearing loss.[111]
“
After a bit, the PD went up to the judge and they called Chris up. Chris starts getting impatient with Barb. He said something like "are your ears clogged up??" and then "wanna follow me so you can hear what's going on?" Then she got up and trundled up there to accompany Chris.
”
Marvin
In December 2020, Barbara slept while Clover and Snoopy were barking in her room with Chris able to hear the noise from downstairs. He went to see Barbara, and she heard his voice. Chris was spooked by this, and wondered about it in a chat with The Place. A member asked Chris if she had hearing loss, and Chris answered that since she could hear him, he reasoned her hearing must be good.[112]
On 20 September 2021, Reddit user e1ectricthunder visited 14 Branchland Court and had a brief conversation with Barbara, during which Barb had difficulty understanding what was being said.[113]
Aging
“
They treat, they treat you very badly in there. She, she would, she, she, she would never want me to put her into a home, and I would not do that.
”
Chris, August 2014[114]
“
Similar to how and when Robertchu finally came into his form on 9/6/2011; Barb has to pretty much lose her human form on that fated day a few years or so from now.
”
Chris, December 2020,
coping with Barbara's aging and eventual death.[115]
Barb, aged 76, tissue in hand, comforting Chris after Jessica Quinn broke up with him.
In November 2015, Family Needs to appreciate Family was uploaded to YouTube. The video is a plea for Cole Smithey, David Alan Chandler, and Carol Suzanne Chandler to visit Barbara before "her time runs out", even though the latter two are not her progeny.
On 13 July 2016, Barbara unexpectedly starred in one of Chris's e-begging videos. In the minute-long video, she speaks slowly and almost inaudibly, hardly moving or blinking for the entirety of the video. While some have voiced concerns that this may be an early sign of dementia, it is just as likely that she, being a manipulative narcissist, was putting on an act for money. She has since re-appeared in numerous other e-begging videos from Chris, including multiple in August 2018; her appearance is frail and quite frazzled, and her sentences are often punctuated with tons of "ums" and "uhs", along with extended pauses.
In August 2016, Anna McLerran posted a photo on Facebook of herself and Barb together.[116] In it, Barbara appears to have aged significantly since her last appearance in the "Donations Further Requested, Please" video.
In November 2016, Barbara escaped injury when she slipped and fell.[117]
Chris was increasingly tasked with helping Barbara around the house in her elderly age. He stated in April 2017 that he was taking caregiving classes.[118]
In a December 2020 chat with The Place, Chris said that Barbara used to have better negotiation skills and implied those skills would improve after she gets her Rosechu form... a cope Chris has for her eventual death.[115]
Later that month, Chris told The Place, "Barbara scares me," following up with him wondering how she could remain asleep despite the noise from Clover and Snoopy's barking, and saying that the way her face looked as she slept scared him.[112]
During the Jail Saga, Chris wrote about Barbara in letters, making implications about her advanced age and pondering over her possible death, although Chris mixed in plenty of his maladaptive coping mechanisms and narcissism, such as by claiming that his soul bonding helped save Barbara and continuing to maintain belief that she would become reincarnated as a Rosechu upon her death.[86]
Other
In October 2009, Barbara spent her birthday at the hospital with what the Chandlers thought was food poisoning.[119] Barbara was diagnosed with colitis, a gastrointestinal disease characterized by the inflammation of the colon. It manifests in diarrhea and cramps. Which kind of colitis has yet to be determined. It seems the Chandler family's diet has finally come to affect her, and in order to survive she will have to change her eating habits; considering their stubbornness, this clearly will end badly.
Hearing the plight of the Chandler family, fans of Sonichu created the website "Barbara Chandler Has AIDS" to spread awareness regarding AIDS and to collect donations for research foundations and charities.[120] Chris himself denied the rumor.[119]
On 23 August 2013, Chris claimed that Barbara had been afflicted with breast cancer but managed to survive.[121] He did not give details about when was she diagnosed with the ailment, at what stage it was, or what kind of treatment Barb received.
In November 2020, Chris mentioned that Barbara had an appointment with a cardiologist.[122]
Mental problems
Barb is understood by most to be a highly unstable woman, and worryingly, many of her behaviors can also be observed in Chris. Many believe her to be selfish and extremely narcissistic, on account of her baseless belief that she is descended from Tudor high nobility, and the pathological manner in which she lies and assigns blame to others, even in instances where the fault clearly lies with her. All of these traits are shared by Chris, with Barb's apparent encouragement. Additionally, many aspects of her relationship with Chris are consistent with narcissistic motherhood, which is a fascinating but complex topic, too lengthy to be discussed in detail here. Although Chris seems to be her "golden child", she does not shy from mistreating him if he displeases her. This can be seen in an email to Jackie from May 2011; Chris claimed that his mother flew into a rage over his tomgirl inclinations, forcing him to submit to a haircut and threatening to kill him.[2]
Hoarding
Aside from her narcissism, Barb is also infamous to Christorians for her hoarding. During Chris's youth, she would create piles of clothes as tall as her son.[29] Chris has labeled her a "pack rat",[123] and on more than one occasion has indicated his displeasure at her hoarding and the consequent state of their house, although neither he nor Bob are known to have ever seriously challenged it. Barb compulsively hoards her purchases, particularly from Goodwill, which, by 2009, had rendered the living room uninhabitable.[124] When Bob was admitted to the hospital for the final time, he was quarantined for bug bites, ostensibly due to the conditions in the Chandler household.[125] The situation did not improve after Bob's passing, either. A second house tour video made by Chris in 2013 revealed that Barb's hoarding had gotten severe enough to render entire rooms completely inaccessible, with some rooms literally full of stuff to within inches of the ceiling, and others reduced to crevices carved into walls of junk.
Barb's hoarding was predicted by many to lead to disaster, and finally did on 10 January 2014, when Chris accidentally started a house fire in the morning while trying to brew coffee in the bathroom, because the kitchen had been among the rooms blocked off by Barb's junk. Naturally, Barb's hoard provided ample kindling for the fire, and the house was severely damaged before the fire could be contained. In fact, given the state of the house in the second tour video, it's surprising that Chris and Barb were able to escape. Unsurprising, however, is the fact that one of the Chandlers' remaining cats died in the blaze, and one of the firefighters sent to the scene also suffered unspecified injuries.
While the Chandlers relocated, pending repairs to their home, Barb's stuff went into storage. When repairs were completed a year later, Barb had all of it moved back to 14 Branchland Court, and is not known to have disposed of any of it, even though, by all accounts, most of what she and Chris were able to salvage was subjected to either fire, smoke or water damage, rendering it completely useless. This was confirmed in April 2017, when Chris mentioned the laundry room contained a "mountain pile" of 20-40 bags of dirty, damaged clothing that had not been washed since the fire occurred.[126]
Memory?
Barb has also been long speculated to suffer from a form of dementia due to later video appearances (mostly begging videos) showing her as struggling with forming sentences without a degree of prompting by Chris. Some initially speculated that Chris and Barb were taking advantage of her feeble, elderly state for the purpose of emotionally manipulating their audience into giving them more donations out of pity, as there were other videos where Barb appeared to be more cognizant and seemed to be able to handle her own finances to some degree. Some people close to Chris, such as The Captain, have proclaimed her to not have dementia.
“
She's fully there mentally.. She can drive, hold a conversation, etc. But yeah I can't explain that damn stare lol
”
The Captain[127]
However, this statement was made in 2018, and it's possible in the years following that she has developed a form of cognitive disability. In light of the incest situation, in which Chris noted that she seemed "partially confused" on at least one of the occasions that he jumped her bones, how much of her situation was an act (presuming if any of it was) and how much is real has been called into question.
In the July 2021 Incest Texts, Chris claimed that Barb has memory problems (and that his incestuous acts were helping to heal her).
“
She has had memory problems at time beforehand, yes, but she is being better stimulated in her mind and soul, and it Really Shows! Her mental processing speed is even going back up.
”
Chris
Barb was evaluated at a hospital after being separated from her son and was able to return to her home after he was incarcerated, though it should still be noted that the bar for being deemed qualified enough to take care of oneself is low. In June 2022, a letter from Chris claimed that Barb had been suffering from a "falling mentality" the year before, although it's not clear what that entails.[128]
Legal problems
On 28 October 2011, Chris and Barb were caught in an incident with The GAMe PLACe and were actually arrested with several serious charges, with Barb's including felony assault and failure to stop. The two were later released on bail. After a succession of court hearings, Barb, along with her son, was arraigned on her felony charges on 10 July 2012. She was sentenced to community service and was put on a two-year probation, as well as being ordered to pay Michael Snyder's medical bills. When informed of the latter fact during the trial, Chris explained that his mother, a retired, obese, seventy-year-old woman, would take care of the charges for him. No one was particularly surprised at this revelation.
Financial problems
Barb and Chris in March 2018, the former wearing the $400 gold necklace.
Barb lives off social security (Retirement Insurance Benefits) and a small pension from her old job; about $14,000 a year.[129]
In 2016, Barb was sued by a Discover bank in Norfolk for not paying debts. This came to light on March 14, 2016, when sharp-eyed Kiwis noticed that she had a hearing on March 16. Since grave neglect of her debt was likely the cause of her being taken to court, it was widely assumed that she would ignore the summons too. Instead, once the court records were updated, many were surprised to see that not only had Barb attended, but she had represented herself, too. Equally unsurprisingly, this bold move failed to pay off, and Barb was still sentenced to pay $4,706.93.[130]
Five months later, Barb was sued again, this time by Capital One, for the same reason. The hearing in September resulted in a Default Judgement against Barb, meaning that she did not bother attending. She owes Capital One $15,906.99.[131]
Her out-of-control debt was the catalyst for the Financhu Crisis of 2016.
Barb advertising blankets for sale in summer 2018.
From June through July of that year, Barb appeared in three videos:
Donations Required, Serious. Please help
Donations Requested, Please
Donations Further Requested, Please
In the videos, she and Chris beg for donations, claiming to need money for her asthma medication and dental work (although they receive a combined amount of $2,500 per month from the government[129] and their costly hoards are clearly visible behind them). See the Appearances section for more appearances by Barb.
She has failed to take accountability for ruining the family's finances, trying to pin the blame on Chris,[132] even though her known debt of over $20,000 is much larger than Chris's.
She and Chris had an inheritance from Bob worth "tens of thousands of dollars" when he passed away, but Barb decided to frivolously spend it on Rob Bell in an attempt to gain exoneration for her assault and battery charge.
In the summer of 2018, she joined forces with Chris in selling stuff on eBay, including items from her hoard and her autographs, which some fans bought.
In December 2020, Chris had a "rough financial moment with Barb" when he had to give her less money than usual, because his own bank balance had been in the red.[133] He and Barbara were still in "disharmony" the following day.[115]
At an unknown point, Chris had control over Barbara's bank account. Chris confirmed this to Null in July 2021,[134] having taken $750 from Barbara's account to fund a room at Regency Inn Richmond due to being banned by Emergency Protective Order from Barbara's house. In May 2025, Chris claimed to a ween that Barbara calls him occasionally to check on her bank balance since she doesn't have easy access to it.[95]
Appearances
In Sonichu
Chris gets to live out his fantasy of being (and having) an adequate son.
In Sonichu #0, Barbara makes a brief appearance in "Classic Sonichu Strips".
In Sonichu #9, the male Dating Education students are given Barbara dolls to talk to.
In the 2015 revisions to Sonichu #10, Chris wrote out Blanca's character and replaced her with his mother.
According to the CWCipedia, Sandy Rosechu and Sonichu and Rosechu's children go to Anneweston Elementary School.[135] It is unknown whether or not Sonichu and Rosechu's children still go to that school after their evolution.
In Sonichu #11, Barb is photoshopped into a "family photo" alongside Chris, Bob and the various Chus.
In Sonichu #12.
In Sonichu #12, Barb is in a set of pages that is a cross between Chris writing an autobiographical account of himself coming out as a tomgirl to his parents and a tribute to his late father.
Due to Chris's Oedipal complex, Barb is depicted as much more youthful than Bob, even though she was nearly 70 at the time. She is also drawn as being freakishly tall compared to Chris and Bob, despite being shorter than both in real life, though this may just be Chris's inability to keep his characters properly proportioned at work. Barb expresses surprise at her son's announcement of being trans. Chris states that she was "hesitant for a long while", but "got used to my subtle and more changes".
This is a drastic understatement, as the real-life Barb tried to stop his tomgirl lifestyle in ways including suicide threats, guilt trips (by claiming that she was worried Chris would kill her), paying him to stop cross-dressing, and even ordering him to submit to a haircut. If her attitude towards him cooled, it was only out of resignation rather than acceptance. Evidence of this is when she became angry with him again after finding out that he had successfully changed his name in 2016.[136]
Barb, pictured at left, as Sugar Darling, in a MLP-inspired drawing from August 2017.
In August 2017, Chris unveiled a drawing of the Chandler family depicted as My Little Pony characters, saying they will make further appearances in Sonichu #12-9.
As toys
As Chris sees her in Lego form.
Barb Amiibo, complete with cleavage, which Chris offered for sale on Etsy in November 2015.
Promo drawing for the Amiibo.
As a TSSSF card. Barbara is in her Rosechu form, which is a cope Chris maintains for her eventual death.[115] Note that Chris calls her a "redneck tomboy" and her power is to steal a shipping partner.
Audio
Private Skype chat with Sarah May.
4 February 2009, Mumble 2: Barbara denies singing while vacuuming Chris's room.
17 February 2009, BlueSpike PSN Chat 2: Barbara talks to Chris but when Julie wants to talk to her, Barbara says she isn't "able to talk to anybody right now".
March 2009: Barbara takes over the phone from Chris when Clyde calls after the date with Emily.
Kacey Call 15: Chris keeps Kacey on the phone for nearly fourteen minutes while Barb talks about the value of humility, her poor health, and her relationship with Bob, among other things.
November 2009, Kacey and Liquid Call: Barbara tells Chris to "just hang up on the bitch!"
10 August 2010, Matthew Noble call: Barbara claims that Megan "lied" to Chris and abruptly hangs up mid-sentence. Throughout the call, she can be heard denying that she and Bob are the slightest bit in the wrong. At one point she complains about the time Michael Snyder kicked her and Chris out of the GAMe PLACe following Chris's final ban from the store.
Prank calls: Barbara yells in the background and foreground of several prank calls.
Videos
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Barbara has appeared in several videos: off-camera in the Christian Weston Chandler Interview, and on-camera (for the first time) in You're Always Pretty. Two decade-old videos were leaked in December 2014 showing the Chandlers celebrating Christmas. Another video of her was recorded by a troll as she and Chris left court after his hearing in February 2015.
She has most frequently appeared during the Financhu Crisis.
Two more videos were released in June 2016 showing Chris begging for donations to buy asthma pills for Barbara. Barbara is shown practically dead in both of these videos so god only knows what will happen in the near future.
In a video released on 13 July 2016, Barbara joins her son in shamelessly e-begging. Her voice tired and hoarse, mouth agape, she stares directly into the camera like a deer caught in the headlights.
She resumed begging in a video from April 2017, in which she wears a $400 gold necklace while asking Chris's audience to give him $1,000 in exchange for his old stamp album.
She next appeared in Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017, when she walked in while Chris was recording.
After more uploads from Chris, Barb starred in another begging video uploaded on 24 May 2017, titled We Said Donations No Less than $1 00, US, Please. Chris removed the video the next day after people threatened to report him for elder abuse.
After the last failed attempt of getting donations, Barb and Chris engaged in yet another begging video on 16 June 2017, titled We need immediate funds, please. Ironically, she wore both the $400 gold necklace and a pearl necklace.
Almost a month had passed, without any appearances from Barb. With Chris getting decent amounts of funds from his Patreon account, there no longer seemed to be a desire to beg. On 14 July 2017, she makes a small voice-only cameo in a Soda Awawawawa Puccho Candy Response, screaming at him for not closing the front door. She also comments in Solar Eclipse Vlogs, asking Chris if he's ready to go back inside after the eclipse ends.
Barb's first appearance on video in 2018 was in Selling Vintage Comic Books (Cole Smithey’s Comic Books). She appeared a couple of weeks later in Our signatures to demonstrate that her signature, a key selling point in the comic sales, was real. On 9 April, Barb appeared for the seventh time during the Financhu Crisis to beg in Buy Our Things off of my eBay to help us, Please.
On 16 April, a bizarre video of a few seconds of Barb standing in a doorway was posted to the CWCki Club. On the 17th, she appeared as a guest on Chris's Twitch stream.
On 8 May, Barb appeared in WE NEED MONEY FOR MORTGAGE NOW, PLEASE!. Two days later, Barb appeared in paid videos giving shout-outs to school shooters Nicholas Cruz and Adam Lanza.
She watched Chris spray-paint his shoes (and his bedroom carpet) in Shoe Colouring, sitting in the same room with poor ventilation.
In the summer of 2018, she appears in multiple videos to promote her partnership with Chris's eBay business: My Mother WORKED Hard, Spent Hard; Needs Money NOW., Barbara Chandler will be making out autographed photos and posters. and Barbara’s Blankets. She then begged for her car payment money in Mother needs a car payment.
Barb confirms she isn't dead was her next appearance, a rare non-begging video.
Chris (possessed by Sonichu) got Barb to appear on camera in Watching TF2 Analysis Anarchy Red Vs Blue Part 3 (12 June 2020).
Barb gave a video shout-out to Cole in the September 2020 video To Cole Smithey, from Barb, and Sonichu (Prime).
Gallery
As we were young - School yearbook section, with photo of toddler Barb.
As we were young - Another photo of child Barb.
1956 Library Club - Barbara standing third row, second to the left.
1956 Junior Varsity Basketball Team - Barbara sitting first row left.
1957 Future Homemakers of America - Barbara sitting on grass first row very right, as seen with a red star.
1957 Randolph Henry safety bus patrol - Barbara kneeling, as seen with a red star.
1957 Library Club - Barbara the treasurer for Library Club.
1958 Library Club - Barbara standing 7th to the right.
1958 Spanish Club - Barbara standing behind a few rows, as seen with a red star.
1958 Cheerleaders - Barbara as a cheerleader.
1960 Future Homemakers of America 1 - Barbara the FHA treasurer sitting on the couch second to the left.
1960 Future Homemakers of America 2 - Barbara the FHA treasurer standing the first row in the middle.
1960 Monogram Club - Barbara standing first row, third to the left.
1960 Spanish Club - Barbara standing high up, as seen with a red star.
1960 Randolph Henry safety bus patrol - Barbara the reporter for RH safety bus patrol, wearing glasses standing first row left.
Barbara's senior year directory.
Barb and her family, 1950 census.
Barb's 8th grade (or "Pre-Freshman") photo.
Barb's freshman photo from high school.
Barb's sophomore photo from high school.
Seen in the background of a 2020 photograph; this is Barb's wedding portrait at age 19 in 1961.
King Karnak, Barbie & Cole at the backstage of "Disaster Headquarters".
Chris's family tree up to his great-great-grandparents.
Barbara with baby Chris. Oh, how full of hope and promise.
"Talk, you little idiot!"
This is when The Simpsons went downhill.
Barbara's retirement party from secretarial services at Virginia Power in 1996.[137]
From her 55th birthday.
Nothing says the 80s like a woman in a power suit and a lady tie.
Barb with Aunt Corrina, Uncle Tom, and Aunt Harriet.
The King left the building when he started to notice the foul smell of the house.
Barb's 60th birthday.
Poor Barb, Chris put Sonichu on HER birthday cake.
It was originally believed this image was from Chris's graduation. Turns out this is from his senior prom, where he took his mom as his date.
Barb talking to Tiffany, one of Chris's gal pals, at the prom.
Barb is always pretty.
Barb in 2012, having devolved from a Snorlax into a Munchlax.
With Snoopy in 2013.
During 2016.
With Anna, presumably in August 2016.
Barb and Chris. Barb is interrupting Chris during a live YouTube stream.
Barb's signature on a Certificate of Authenticity, included with the purchase of one of Cole's comics.
Barb with an autographed photo of herself.
Barb during Chris's 37th birthday.
August 2019.
Barb in November 2019.
Barb during a livestream in June 2020
"And Barbara Anne Weston Chandler still looks good for her wise age. #happymothersday2021"
Barb in July 2021, showing off her new haircut done by none other than Chris. Look at the fear in her eyes.
Drawing of Barb by Chris in June 2022
Barb, age 81, in August 2023. Notice how significantly she has aged.[138]
Barb and Chris in February 2024[139]
Barb, age 82, in September 2024[140]
Barb, age 83, in February 2025[93]
Barb, age 83, in February 2025[94]
See Also
Affair with Mother
Bob Chandler
References
↑ Mailbag 13#Paging Dr. Freud, paging Dr. Freud...
↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 Jackie E-mails 26.
↑ September 2019 social media posts#Barbara was more of a "guilty pleasure" waifu
↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 Jail Letter - 11 May 2022
↑ June 2021 social media posts#Decent flashlight
↑ Incest fallout chat leaks
↑ Jail Letter - 11 January 2022
↑ File:Barbara Chandler Fail to Yield Right-of-Way charge.png
↑ 9.0 9.1 https://web.archive.org/web/20170903151241/http://www.harveypowers.com/wynn/wynn/d155.html
↑ A Week With Christian Chandler, page 13
↑ WCT DMs#New sweetheart
↑ WCT DMs#Every three nights
↑ WCT DMs#Asking about Incest Call leak
↑ 14.0 14.1 Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Summing Up Post-Incest Leak
↑ File:Charged.png
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (other users)#Status of 14 Branchland Court
↑ Fan visits#e1ectricthunder
↑ 18.0 18.1 Goddess Log
↑ 19.0 19.1 Jail Letter - 25 October 2021 (Virginia fan)
↑ The Chris Chan Conspiracy#Episode 5: The Resurrection of Chris Chan
↑ File:Barbara Chandler Fail to Yield Right-of-Way charge.png
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (other users)#Confirming Car Crash
↑ Jail Letter - 27 November 2021
↑ https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/3:1:3Q9M-C958-RFTD?i=1&cc=2377565&personaUrl=%2Fark%3A%2F61903%2F1%3A1%3AQVRC-X438
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20170825073641/http://www.harveypowers.com/wynn/wynn/d141.html
↑ https://www.familysearch.org/ark:/61903/3:1:3Q9M-CSZT-H9QK-J?cc=1726957
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20200603075643/http://genealogytrails.com/vir/charlotte/obits_w.html
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20180425032751/http://www.harveypowers.com:80/wynn/wynn/d118.html
↑ 29.0 29.1 29.2 29.3 June 2021 social media posts#Chris larps as his younger self
↑ Rebeckah Bentley E-mails#Chris has scabies too
↑ Message for John Kyle
↑ Regina_e-mails#Chris_answers_a_bunch_of_questions,_is_still_a_virgin
↑ Rental_House_Tour#Barb's_family_heritage
↑ Miyamoto_emails#A_Word_from_Snorlax
↑ 35.0 35.1 6 March 2007 email from Cole to Chris, page 2
↑ https://lib.digitalnc.org/record/28659?ln=en#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=94&r=0&xywh=2347%2C1534%2C681%2C414
↑ https://lib.digitalnc.org/record/28685?ln=en#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=77&r=0&xywh=1396%2C1140%2C926%2C414
↑ https://lib.digitalnc.org/record/28686?ln=en#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=81&r=0&xywh=460%2C1252%2C1363%2C609
↑ https://lib.digitalnc.org/record/28677?ln=en#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=64&r=0&xywh=2241%2C1842%2C1441%2C875
↑ http://www.archive.org/stream/howler1960wake/howler1960wake_djvu.txt
↑ 41.0 41.1 41.2 41.3 41.4 41.5 Cole Smithey E-mails
↑ Ran Yeatts Obituary
↑ http://archiver.rootsweb.ancestry.com/th/read/SURNAMES/1995-04/0798938259
↑ WCT DMs#Barbara's ex
↑ 45.0 45.1 https://scholarlycommons.law.wlu.edu/va-supreme-court-records-vol195/14/
↑ https://worldradiohistory.com/Archive-Station-Albums/WRVA-25th-II.pdf WRVA 25th Anniversary booklet, W. Jerome "Jerry" Harmon bio top center of page 8.
↑ https://www.newspapers.com/image/829546397/?terms=%22Jerry%20Harmon%22%20&match=1 Richmond Times-Dispatch 28 Jan 1973
↑ https://www.facebook.com/blendonlodge339/posts/1084760088251976
↑ 49.0 49.1 49.2 https://www.colesmithey.com/articles/2017/09/operation-snowball-my-first-career-in-show-business.html
↑ https://www.facebook.com/blendonlodge339/posts/1084760088251976
↑ 51.0 51.1 http://sjf.stparchive.com/Archive/SJF/SJF01221981P08.php
↑ Kacey Call 15
↑ April 2012 Facebook posts#Fear of the future
↑ It took a talking bear to give the name a young boy loves
↑ 55.0 55.1 The 24th Wedding Anniversary Special
↑ 24 July 2007 email #1 from Cole to Chris
↑ https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Date_with_Emily#Eating_spaghetti_and_conversing_(0:36:49%E2%80%930:44:46):~:text=Bob%3A%20And%20uh%2C%20she%20worked%20for%2C%20um%2CCircuit%20City%20for%20a%20while%20before%20she%20retired.
↑ Chris's Wikipedia profile#His Early Years - Birth to 1992
↑ Mailbag 32#Chris is no stranger to stupid name changes
↑ Image:0078-CWCNote2.jpg
↑ IRC (27 December 2008)
↑ http://web.archive.org/web/20130211071324/http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/dailyprogress/obituary.aspx?n=robert-franklin-chandler&pid=153539600
↑ 63.0 63.1 LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#Borb vs MAGfest
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#Barb's Hoarding
↑ 65.0 65.1 Ivy Q&A
↑ Jackie E-mails 29
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#Welfare Check on Barbara
↑ 68.0 68.1 Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#Barb and Chris
↑ September 2018 social media posts
↑ Mumble 10
↑ Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
↑ 6 March 2007 email from Cole to Chris, page 3
↑ Song of Christian
↑ Sonichu Girls and White knight emails
↑ Kacey Call 12
↑ Mumble 10
↑ PVCC NEW info: on Chris and Barbara spoon eachother! (YouTube)
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20190423212237/https://kiwifarms.net/threads/fb-4-11-e-begging-intensifies.19356/page-5
↑ 26 December 2014
↑ Misc texts
↑ http://archive.is/zwWV9
↑ June 2021 social media posts#CPU stuff and Barb
↑ 83.0 83.1 Jail Letter - 21 July 2022
↑ Jail Letter - 29 July 2022
↑ 85.0 85.1 Jail Art (reverse side)#An Honest Self-Portrait from June, 2021
↑ 86.0 86.1 Jail Letter - 4 July 2022
↑ Jail Letter - 22 July 2022 (1)
↑ Fan visits#nemo1316
↑ Post-jail sightings (2023)#14 Branchland Court
↑ The Chris Chan Conspiracy#Interview comments
↑ Sightings (2024)#Notary with Barb
↑ November 2024 social media posts#Lynchburg P.O. box closed
↑ 93.0 93.1 Kiwi Farms posts (other users)#Barb
↑ 94.0 94.1 https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/1iydxgo/clarifying_myself/ (archive)
↑ 95.0 95.1 Walt's call with cwc! 2/17/25
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#Dogs
↑ May 2012 Facebook posts#These poor fucking dogs
↑ 98.0 98.1 Anaxis DMs#Introduction/Bismuth Messages
↑ July 2021 social media posts#Eulogy for Snoopy
↑ December 2016 Facebook posts#Sorbet lost, then found
↑ 101.0 101.1 See emails sent by Chris to Jackie on 24 and 26 April 2011.
↑ The Place chats - Ben Saint
↑ Donations, Please, plus Live Game Stream tonight.
↑ September 2018 social media posts#Dynamics between Chris and Barb
↑ CLog 04172018 - Buy My Toys
↑ BlueSpike PSN Chat 3.7
↑ Church audio
↑ This is how the Trial went‎
↑ File:BarbMarch2012.png
↑ Donations Further Requested, Please
↑ 26 December 2014#15 October Hearing
↑ 112.0 112.1 The Place chats (December 2020)#Scary Barbara and Cirrusfire Rant
↑ Fan visits#e1ectricthunder
↑ Catie Date Conversation Transcript
↑ 115.0 115.1 115.2 115.3 The Place chats - ProjectSNT#Browsing Kiwi Farms
↑ With Anna, presumably in August 2016.
↑ November 2016 Facebook posts#Barb slips and falls
↑ Live Game Stream - C-Log 04272017
↑ 119.0 119.1 9 October 2009
↑ "Barbara Chandler Has AIDS" Awareness Website
↑ Facebook#Breast Cancer Awareness
↑ The Place chats (November 2020)#Chris's Body Shakes
↑ Father Call
↑ Tour of Chris's House
↑ Rocky Shoemaker call
↑ April 2017 Facebook posts#Offering The Classic shirt for $12,000 minimum
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(The_Captain)#Dementia Theory
↑ Jail Letter - 27 June 2022
↑ 129.0 129.1 CWCki Forums posts (Cousin Al)#Chris and Barbara's Income
↑ File:Barb discover bank result.png
↑ File:Barb vs Capital One Bank result.png
↑ Patreon announcement
↑ The Place chats (December 2020)#Rough Financial Moment
↑ Null DMs#Chris takes money from Barb
↑ CWCipedia on Wild Sonichu
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (MasterDisaster)#Name Change Drama
↑ DVD, note 2
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/1618sah/myself_and_uatahsia_drove_to_virginia_and_we_had/
↑ Sightings_(2024)#Notary_with_Barb
↑ https://sonichu.com/cwcki/September_2024_social_media_posts##KamalaHarris4President2024
Early Childhood
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Barbara Chandler
Sarah Hammer
Roche
Joshua Martinez
Patti Chandler
Greene County Primary School
James Madison University
Neglect from Roche
The Adventures of The American Rabbit
Bob's First Letter To Chris
WTJU Marathon
Nathanael Greene Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Bruce Johnson
Mrs. Gaede
Barbara Chandler
Tiffany Robinson
Alleged Abuse
Court Case
High School Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris (Ricardo Weston Chandler)
Laura Beth Dorazio
Kellie Andes
Tiffany Gowen
Joseph Herring
Wes Iseli
Other High School Gal-Pals
Barbara Chandler
Art
Honor Roll
Spanish
School Assignments
Goosebumps
A Week With Christian Chandler
Christian's Favorite Hits!
Hotel Ricky Ricardo
How the Pokémon Came into Our PokéBalls
Song of Christian
Amethyst Ring
GAMe PLACe Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Michael Snyder
Daniel Mimms
Barbara Chandler
Rob Bell
Megan Schroeder
Rocky Shoemaker
Lucas White
Champthom
GAMe PLACe Ban
Mimms and Lucas Q&A
GAMe PLACe Photo
Michael Snyder is ColdHearted and Mean
Greene County Conspiracy
Matthew Nobles call
6 June 2010
28 October 2011
Coinciding Sagas: Megan, First Exile, Jackie, Second Exile
Second Exile
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Michael Snyder
Rob Bell
Mia Hamm
Barbara Chandler
Rocky Shoemaker
Anna McLerran
Kim Wilson
Null
William Waterman
Death of Bob Chandler
Facebook
This is how the Trial went
2012 Poster campaign
House Fire
The "Black Tape"
Rocky Shoemaker call
You're Always Pretty
Message for John Kyle
Lego Manchester High
Tour of Chris's House II
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
Incest Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Knights of CWC • Halal Server • Burn Book • Chess Club • Chris Chan Conservation Collective
People: Chris • Barbara Chandler • Bella • Fiona • Null • Spooky Bones • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Ethan Ralph • Lavenderbonez • EllDudeRocks • Naught • MKRNightVee • Dillin Thomas
The Games
Chats:
The Affair:
Incest Call
Incest Texts
Lady Friend Discussion
Null DMs
WCT DMs
Pre-Jail Interview with WCT
Regarding Chris chats
Halal Server chats
Affair with Mother
Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
Emergency Protective Order
The Arrest
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight
Jail Saga
The Players
People: Chris • David Heilberg • Praetor (Caden Peck) • Kenneth Engelhardt • Barbara Chandler • Spooky Bones •
Rocky Shoemaker • Helena Fiorenza • Edmund McMillen • Eels and the Egg-man • Flutter • Spamton G. Spamton • Zombo • Cory Allison • The Crusader • Bizarre Bazaar • Celestia • Michael Afghani • Jacob Sockness
Places
Jail Updates
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Western State Hospital
Jail Communications
Jail Art
Jail Art (reverse side)
Neo Spiritual Christianity
Jail Letter Gifts
March 2023 Praetor Interview
Autism disorder deferred disposition
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Barbara_Chandler&oldid=352484#Jack_Dale_Smithey"