Title: Bella chats
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Bella_chats
Categories: Category, Sonichu Possession
================================================================================

NOTE: This material
originated from Bella, who has fabricated texts at least once. Consider this when judging the veracity of the material below.
This page will showcase a series of chats Chris had with Bella. Chris's messages are represented in blue and Bella's are represented in fungus green.
Contents
1 Curiosity Stream
2 Chris Chan Sonichu Intro
3 Playing Games
4 Kelly Andes E-mails
5 The Selected Few
6 Soul Bonding
7 Watchmen Drama
8 Everfree Northwest Plans
9 Typing Speed
10 Sex with Fiona
11 Chris Wants to Spill the Beans
12 Preparing for Video Call
13 Incest Call
14 Incest Texts
15 Sex Music
16 Unclear chats
16.1 Hugs
17 Fabricated chats
17.1 BDSM text
18 Notes
19 References
Curiosity Stream
13 October 2020
Bella attempts to impersonate Ashley Hamer of Curiosity in an e-mail she sent to Chris as a means to get him to meet her at Richmond, Virginia.
Bella sent the e-mail from an account named AshleyHammerCuriosity@protonmail.com. In August 2021, the account was hacked and its contents posted onto Kiwi Farms. The e-mail to Chris was found in its sent folder, while its inbox contained messages relevant to Bella and addressed to her other alias 10anon, confirming her usage of the account.[1]
From:	SmashleyHammer CuriosityDaily <AshleyHammerCuriosity@protonmail.com>
Sent:	13 October 2020 21:37
To:	ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Subject:	Curiosity Stream Podcast/Interview Proposal
Good day to you Mrs. Christine W. Chandler! I hope you have been healthy during this pandemic.
My name is Ashley Hamer, I'm the Managing Editor and Co-Host of Curiosity Daily. We are very
interested in forming a professional relationship with you!
https://twitter.com/curiositydotcom
https://www.curiositydaily.com/
I am contacting you today because we are interested in discussing with you important issues
revolving around autism awareness in our upcoming promotion/episode for our Curiosity Stream
Podcast, initiating a collaboration with Discovery Channel Phycology. We gathered and contacted 8 well-
known autistic individuals who we deemed to have contributed to our era and our view of the social
disorder. We would like to discuss particularly how autistic individuals express themselves, view and
understand their surroundings, and what their personal experiences are living with autism.
We think that your comic series, Sonichu (which I have personally read the entirety of while in
college) is an example of how autistic individuals can direct their energy and how they can thrive off of
it. It would be my pleasure to discuss how you believe your autism has affected your comic. If it had
helped you, how you were able to work with the social obstacle and what you think parents and
teachers should do to encourage creativity and initiative for their autistic children. We believe this will
be beneficial to those who can relate and also suffer from autism.
The demographic following our recent podcasts and DCP (Discover Channel Phycology) viewers
have reported more interest in mental health studies than any other science-related topic. This
demographic mostly consists of media-involved youth, for which we recognize your influence and ability
to shape your audience. I have also taken notice of the online harassment you have received in the past.
Because of that, I would like to clarify that this is autism-related only and will have nothing to do with
your history online unless you find it relevant to the topic.
We will collaborate with you to make it as accurate and satisfactory as possible. We will not add,
announce, or release anything without your permission.
We compensate our guests for their input and time. We pay $30 for every 1000 listeners and
average around 20k-30k per stream.
Discover Channel Psychology will also compensate. I personally don't know the details, but you can
contact them through the curiosity website (link on top) on "Contact Us" or through me.
This podcast will be recorded depending on your preference. The options are our streaming
office in LA (while maintaining social distancing). We could instead schedule a time for my Jr. Editor at
Curiosity Stream, Lilaj Montey, to meet you in Richmond.
(LilajMonteyCuriosty@protonmail.com)
If you prefer to perform the interview on Zoom/Skype, please email me back on when you are available.
From Curiosity Staff- Ashley Hamer
Sr Director of Journalism and Editing
New York University MA in Journalism
New York, New York
AshleyHammerCuriosity@protonmail.com
https://www.ashleyhamer.online/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashley-hamer/
https://twitter.com/smashleyhamer
https://www.facebook.com/ashleyhamer
https://www.instagram.com/smashleyhamer/
Please respond to me via my email
(If you prefer text-style messaging, https://me-download.wickr.com/. My Wickr ID is ashleyhammer)
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro
Unknown date, prior to 13 November 2020, and in reference to the Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
With that stated, I feel the intro is best shown as starting with Mama in her human form, holding and looking down upon her medallion for a split second, then holds it up; fade to white and transition to the beginning of the magical girl style transformation I to her Sonichu form, with a couple of seconds frozen on her completed transformation. And that is immediately followed by her in her Sonichu form closing her eyes and channeling the energy to go into her CPU Blue Heart form (still in her Sonichu form), then she pulls out her lightning kunai blades, lifts one into the air and gives a battle cry while looking directly at the audience, breaking the fourth wall. And the animation ends with her in that form, with me and Rosey (Mama in her Sonichu form, not counting her ears, stands 3'5"; the same as the both of us) in the title card still, and above us, the words in electric font, reading "A Chris Chan Sonichu Video".
Hi Mrs Christine Chandler! I'm such as [cutoff]
Gallery
Playing Games
See also: 4chan posts (Bella)
Unknown date
Wow photographic memory!
[screenshot from game, saying 'YOU LOST']
Kra-Kow
⚡⚡⚡
No!!
😂😂😂
What a game! Nice playing with u!
[cut off]
One moment
I am definitely realizing that despite having access to Mama's brain and history of playing chess, I am losing this game. But, I will see it through, because as the Prime of all of the Sonichus in existence, and this being the OG body of a literal full-on Goddess, I can't back down so easily.
[screenshot from game saying 'YOUR MOVE']
[cut off]
As someone who has been working with chess student forever, good job
First time was a warmup for the recall
[screenshot from game saying 'YOU WON']
You definitely improved
Gallery
Kelly Andes E-mails
1 Feb 2021
This is our main email address. Here is the first email.
Hey christine! Just making sure my personal email works bc there have been cases in the past in which it didnt, thanks!
20 May 2021
Do you have Amazon?
Hello Christine long time no see! Apologies as my contacts has been a mess and ive bæn busy and cant see any æntacts as I have switched numbers and lost some of them so I'm glad that you're reaching out. Yes I do have Amazon.
Gtnd to hear from you, I'm trying to get an Amazon E-code gift card for a very close associate. it's her birthday but I don't know what's wrong with my amazon acxnunt. It's not going through and has called Amazon but it has not been resolved yet, can you please help me purchase an Amazon E-code gift card over there from your amazon account. Let me know if you could handle that so I can send you my Friend email so the E-code can be sent there and am only looking to $200 on it, I will refund you back as as possible.
22 May 2021
Sure thing, so what do you need me to do? Also have you heard from Bella recently? I couldn't get in touch ever since we both our phones and contacts what an unhappy coincidence
Can you please help me purchase an Amazon E-code gift card over there from your amazon account. Let me know if you tnuld handle that so I can send you my Friend email so the E-cu.ie can be sent there and am only looking to spend $200 on it, I will refund you back as soon as possible.
Any luck?
15 June 2021
Finally I ordered the physical gift card abd it came, sorry atnlt response again bit it just arrived where to I ship it to?
Okay can you scratch it and snap the front and back with the reæipt and send to my email so I can forward it to her ..thank you
Gallery
The Selected Few
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
13 July 2021
Chris sent this string of texts to Bella under the belief that she can be trusted enough not to confess his relationship with his new sweetheart with anyone.
Hey, Bella.
I wanted to check in with you on an additional detail about the convention, as in while us being together as travel buddies and friends remains genuine, there is a caveat as well.
You'll also play as a bodyguard and watch person, similar to Link's Navi, unless you feel able to do physical work in defense as well.
The reason being Sockness is making attempt to get to the convention as wells
I have already consulted with Josh and Caden on the matter in assembling a defensive posse in this instance, and Josh is warning the convention people to be aware of Sockness and his intentions, dark magic, and massive dark aura that he simply reeks of.
And I still feel safe and well in attending the convention despite this circumstance. I remain grateful and humbled in that it's more favourable on my end, and not so much for him.
This remains in Strictest Confidence between you and I, and I have confided this in the highest level of strict confidence, trust, and faith in a very select few.
I have found a romantic partner of this half of the universe, and earned her trust and everything; we are having sex. She is older than l; that is the only detail I will share with you for now. I have not even revealed her name at all to the entrusted few. Also, the relationship is open.
The only other ones who know of this detail at this level are Josh, Wildcat, Spunky, and my physician (gonna confirm I'm still clean as a whistle in a few days).
Gallery
Soul Bonding
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
17 July 2021[2] (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
After telling Bella about his new "lady friend", Chris goes into more detail about her, along with his relationship with her. Chris seemed to trust Bella to a point that he specifies that the new lady friend is over 70.
I am feeling much better today. My core really took the hit couple of days ago, and it became weighted down yesterday and dark forces attempted to take advantage of my fragile situation, but I overpowered them and better healed myself.
I will have my core fully recovered by the end of today or tomorrow.
Anyway, I sense and feel this is a good time to confide with you a bit more info about my lady friend and I. Again, Strictly Confidential; this detail remains between you and I.
As I have stated, the relationship with my lady was a long time coming, really. I often would see her and talk a bit with her. But there was that deeper vibration that had me feeling attracted to her, as she does have a genuine overpowered set of abilities within her as well. My choice was not influenced by her; I had given it a lot of extensive thought, checked and rechecked my visions and insight, and the situations. In the present, it still is working out very well.
Now, I will also tell you, she is over 70 years old, but her soul and outer and inner strength remains very strong and vibrant. And she has her own insight and wisdom that I am appreciative of, as she is of my Goddess wisdoms and insight as well.
I am going to continue with my best in supporting and encouraging her, but the relationship remains very much open, like my ship with Magi-Chan, Cryzel, Sylvana and Mewtwo.
The sex is still safe, because I have spiritually confirmed she is free of diseases, and it will be further confirmed with a test by my physician on the 20th, next week.
And since she is long beyond menopause, there is no risk of children, either. The timing for motherhood for me is not prime yet, obviously.
And she is also emotionally strong, but still fragile, and we have a deep spiritual bond, so I have no intentions of traditional marriage with her. I still keep her in good company and listen and talk with her. She feels very appreciative and open of this as well.
That's the bulk of it at this time.
Now, while our mutual emotions for each other are genuine and good, there is another reason for this situation to have happened with me.
My having had sex is also a defense mechanism in regards to Sockness and what he had/may have in mind with me and being near me. I remember his intentions of wanting to harness my powers for himself, and my being an emotional virgin, in the regard that the sex back in April 2012 that I had with Mia [cutoff]
And if he is to try anything directly on me at the convention, and it goes too far, I will truth bomb him with the brunt detail of my having had sex, and with who. If he gets this information too soon, he could potentially work around it and try to further manipulate or trick me, of which I am heav [cutoff]
On that, Eventually, at the right moment, I will verbally inform you who my lady friend is. The time is not right yet, and it has to be verbal at the right time while we're together, because I do not want to risk direct text info getting leaked at any possible time.
This is to ensure that I've relieved myself of the pressure before the possible matter.
And out of all the possibilities in this timeline, You are chosen, Bella, to be the only one outside the Temple to be the first to know this crucial detail and fact.
And I have greatest faith and trust in you.
In the meanwhile, just know and appreciate that I have done my work and extensive thought processing of the ship between my lady friend and I. And I ask you Not to Overthink or ask for further details in pressing on. That is not a good thing to do.
Have trust and faith that when the moment comes, I will directly confide this detail with only you.
Thank you for understanding.
You have a safe and good day. I will check you later.
Gallery
Watchmen Drama
19 July 2021 (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
Chris describes the fallout from Watchmen drama - which stemmed from Naught (aka Bismuth) doxing fellow Watchman The WCT (aka Neko) - and invites Bella to The Knights of CWC, a Discord server of Watchmen members run by The WCT.
I pray you are feeling well, good and safe.
I am as well. At present, my brain and body are downloading new information and upgrades from the Cosmos and whatnot.
Perhaps you can join the group Neko has put together.
The old group has had its downfall, and the toxic trio had been sorted out. Neko is one of the most genuine good ones, and he assembled the group of those who were also confirmed to be good as well who had been banned from the old group by Bismuth.
By the way, Bis was one of the toxic types.
He's had some demonic influences, but he is recoverable if he self-heals and sees the errors of his way.
Anyway, I'll get you an invite to Neko's group and let him know of your potential participation.
[Chris sent Bella a Discord invite to The Knights of CWC server.]
I verify, personally and spiritually, that they are of good company.
Gallery
Everfree Northwest Plans
19 July 2021 (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
Also, just to reaffirm, you and I are still good on the carpooling to the DC airport on the 12th, yes?
And, I have found another friend for our convention posse to help out; she is a resident of Washington, and she'll be attending the EFNW convention on the Friday afternoon and Saturday, with her convention buddy.
Her name is Fifi Vixenhart.
A youthful 19 year old fan on the spectrum. We've talked via text the past few days, and she has shown genuine good and honest vibes from her end.
We're building our weekend posse well.
Gallery
Typing Speed
22 July 2021
[cutoff]
I will, and I will link the Tweet set as well in a moment.
Thank u!!
Fiona needs u too call her
23 July 2021
This is fucking gay they need me to write verbatum each word they're saying in a 2 hour long meeting
Work sux
That does suck. I mean, what? They won't let you use an audio recording device and type it up later?
Nope lol I'm typing at 120 wpm
Alllllthr typos haha
Damn, Girl. That is very impressive you're typing two words per second.
I remember when I took touch typing at PVCC, my time was about 71 wpm or so.
Haha I'm joking idk how fast I'm typing in just jamming the keyboard when they start talking
Theyre just in an awkward silence now idk what's going on
Gallery
Sex with Fiona
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
25 July 2021 (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
Chris tells Bella about planned sexual intercourse between himself and Fiona, explaining that it will be a one-time event for her. Chris seems to believe this to be the "right direction" for her to take, believing that having sex with her will act as a stepping stone for her mental and emotional development. As Chris also considers Bella a potential sweetheart,[4] despite her not leading him on,[5] he tells her that matters between himself and Fiona won't change anything between him and Bella.
Days later, during the Incest Call between Chris and Bella where Chris describes incestuous acts, and where Chris admits Barbara to be his sweetheart, Bella attempts to push Fiona onto Chris for a longer-termed relationship in lieu of Barbara, describing Fiona as being "new in the bedroom", which Fiona approved of when she heard the call.[6]
I pray you are having a good and safe day in New York.
Just to be direct, yes, I did talk with Fiona earlier today, and we discussed the idea of sex during the weekend. I have went over with her that this will be a one-time event at best, and should she and I end up doing so, it is in the right direction.
But, I do this as mainly a stepping stone for her own mental, emotional, and spiritual development; a boost in her self-confidence and appreciation of figuring out the aura energies and types when on the lookout for her long-term partner she is likely to find on campus later on.
I want you to understand, Bella, this does not affect anything between you and I. I still care about you as an individual, and anything remains possible out of the foreseen outcomes down the road in this timeline.
So, with all that stated and affirmed, I pray and trust you to take this circumstance with the grain of salt.
You shall still be the very first and only person (before Sockness on the last resort possibility who knows who my present lady friend is in strictest confidence. And I continue to have appreciation for you as someone I am delighted to be in a ship with, at the least as you wish and desire down the road as well.
Gallery
Chris Wants to Spill the Beans
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
Unclear, possibly night of 26 July 2021 or prior[note 1] (leaked on 1 August)[7]
In texts with Bella, Chris says he wants to tell her more about the relationship between him and an older woman (at the time, his cover story, declaring that the older woman is a friend of Barb's) but hesitates because the government may intercept the communication. Chris recommends using the encrypted app Signal to communicate. This set of messages would come directly before the infamous Incest Call, where he fully admits to being in a relationship with his mother.
Bella's messages are in fungus green, Chris's in blue.
Hey how's it going with the older woman btw ?
It is going very well. Thank you.
Have you seen her recently?
I have, yes.
We talk often, I visit her, and we have become closer.
She is most pleased and content.
How is she
She is improving mentality-wise, and is recovering her own strength.
I realize I am remaining and sounding distant on the questioning, and it will become more clear and obvious when I tell you, in-person, who she is.
I actually wish I could tell you over text or voice call, but the government and anyone with the tech can easily hack into those methods.
Is she a friend of barbs?
You may say that, yes.
Still, I will feel better and safer confiding with you in person.
Sure
Have you heard of the app, Signal?
I beleive so
Josh Moon uses it, and he and I have been talking through the app.
Ok just downloaded
Gallery
Preparing for Video Call
27 July 2021 (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
This conversation takes place over the Signal app.
I just had a shower with Magi-Chan. I am feeling better
I will Video Call you here at 8:00 pm, EST, in 3/4 of an hour from now.
Let me know when you're ready
Ok sorry I was busy
I'll lyk
Just waiting for roomate to leave
Ah. Okay
Ok I'm ready!
I'll call through computer vc phones dying
Okay
ok im on laptop
i have a cold sorry if my voice is weird
That's okay
Chrissy called you · Tue 9:14 pm
You called Tue 9:20 pm
You called Tue 9:21 pm
Are u not receiving the call?
A goof on my end. Try again
Sure
You called Tue 9:22 pm
Gallery
Incest Call
Main article: Incest Call
An infamous 4-hour long call between Chris and Bella had occurred on 27 July 2021 after Chris has admitted to Bella that he was in a relationship with a "sweetheart over 70", and came to believe that she can be trusted enough not to share the finer details about this sweetheart with anyone else. Chris would reveal in the call that the new sweetheart was in fact his elderly mother. Bella would share this call with both her Chess Club and Fiona under the belief that both would also not share the call with anyone else. Bella would allow Fiona to share a further edited version of the clip she was given, where her voice was edited out, onto a Discord Server. Fiona, however, would leak the full clip when people doubted its authenticity.
Incest Texts
Main article: Incest Texts
Sex Music
29 July 2021 (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
This conversation takes place over the Signal app.
Chris tells Bella that he is currently engaged in a conversation with Fiona regarding what music they will be playing when they have sex in the hotel room they will be staying in.
Yeah, in High School, Barbie was a lot more like a Bookworm and very concerned with her grades to be physically bothered to pleasure herself.
I'm just now talking music with Fiona. We're putting together a playlist for our night together. She likes smooth alternative tracks.
Let me share with you her initial choices. One moment, please.
Some of them Are naughty, but not all of them.
[Chris links to a music video of It Girl by Pharrell Williams, among other YouTube links]
Gallery
Unclear chats
One screenshot Bella shared with GiBi contains unclear material.
Hugs
Unknown date (leaked on 3 August 2021)[3]
This conversation appears to be a three-way conversation based on the different colors representing speakers. It is unclear who is talking to whom and the screenshot is undated. The screenshot is of a similar format as others released by Fiona, though these chats would normally occur between her and Bella.[8]
Blue Color
How would you react if I did hug you?
Red Color
I'd appreciate and like it.
Red Color
Do you take hugs in return?
Blue Color
Yes
Gray Color
I would sense you would really appreciate and feel my aura when I would hug you back.
Gallery
Fabricated chats
Below are a set of chats that Bella or her associates had fabricated. The fabricated messages for Chris from these will be represented in white. The ones for Bella will be represented in gray.
BDSM text
Main article: Fabricated BDSM texts
Notes
↑ Timestamps show conversation lasted from 8:43 pm to 10:08 pm. Chris stated that the subsequent Incest Call occurred on about 9:30 PM EST on 27 July 2021
References
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/chess-club-authoritative-documents.97648/post-9758940
↑ Screen recording of chats between Bella and Chris, hosted on Imgur
↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 Kiwi Farms posts (GiBi)#Bella DMs
↑ Lonely feelings
↑ Bella and Fiona chats#Chris's gender identity
↑ Bella and Fiona chats#Discussion of Incest Call
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Bella)#Incest Call Narrative
↑ Bella and Fiona chats
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Bella_chats&oldid=333840"