Title: Blanca Weiss
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Blanca
Categories: Articles of the Now, Sweethearts, Trolls, Miscreants Members, Blanca Saga, People from the United States
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. She was played by multiple people.Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
“
Blanca is real. I talked to her. Yeah, she called me. So, uh, as for the person who, uh, as for the jerk who, uh, posed with the ay... KawaiiKitsune name? If I knew who you were, I'd give you a kick in da bawls.
”
Chris on Blanca, 13 September 2008
“
Rest assured she [Blanca] is not a troll, so nobody say otherwise. I have talked to her on webcam and video--and, uh, audio and have heard her voice over mic--over her microphone, to my speakers and headphones.
”
Chris on Blanca, 9 October 2008
Blanca Weiss
Information
Name
Blanca Weiss
Also known as
KawaiiKitsune123Ami B-Chan
Gender
Female
Race
White
Nationality
American
Saga
Blanca
Blanca Weiss (a.k.a. Ami B-Chan, KawaiiKitsune123) was the identity assumed by various trolls who posed as Chris's sweetheart in order to get one thing: the Sonichu medallion.
The group pulling the strings was a trio of YouTube trolls. Two of them, going by the handles RickyRicardo123 and Nurse Icky-chan, talked to Chris via IM and telephone, respectively. The third, Ickeriss69, received a package containing the medallion (as well as an enclosed love letter) and uploaded a video of himself cutting it up and putting it in a pickle jar, before setting it on fire.
Some argue that aside from the medallion destruction, the team behind the "real" Blanca (as opposed to Lordsillynipples, who impersonated her after the original group had created the identity) did nothing except keep Chris to themselves, telling Chris to not make videos, stopping him from releasing content, etc.
Despite many people telling him Blanca was not real, and even after the medallion was destroyed on film, Chris still continued to believe she was real. He stated in the Christian Weston Chandler Interview that the people responsible for destroying the medallion simply lived near Blanca and intercepted the mail.
Since the destruction of the medallions, the three trolls have largely faded into obscurity.
The name Blanca Weiss is just a feminine version of the Spanish word for white (blanca) and the German word for white (Weiß); Blanca Weiss is literally just white female, Chris's personal preference in sweethearts.
Contents
1 FCTC
2 Jiggliami
3 Chris gets a clue
4 Impact
5 Blanca Destroys The Medallion
6 The many faces of Blanca
7 Related images
8 See also
9 External links
FCTC
The trio were good friends with several members of the Fried Chicken Trolling Crew, a now-defunct trolling group known for trolling various individuals and groups on YouTube. Some photos were shown to the FCTC, who later posted the images onto Encyclopedia Dramatica after posting the group's watermark onto them.
“
there was internal bullshit with the Chris-Chan thing (Ricky, Blanca, and myself were pissed about the watermarks and the fact everything was released before the troll was done yet).
”
Ickeriss69
The group itself later fell out due to internal conflict. It was shortly revived as "Cool Troll Fighting Crew", but this group also later disbanded. As for Ickeriss69 himself, he went on to temporarily become an admin on /cwc/, but after more controversy this relationship broke off as well.
He still periodically attempts to revive (or kill) CWC trolling and, to this day, still has Chris's medallions, one of which he offered to the former ED owner GirlVinyl on the site's five-year anniversary.
Jiggliami
Main article: Jiggliami
A photograph of a drawing of Jiggliami which Blanca had sent in her original email
Blanca creating the DeviantArt account
Chris's first interaction with Blanca would occur on 19 August 2008. Chris would receive an email from Blanca, where she shows him her OC Jiggliami, a cross between Jigglipuff and Amy Rose. Blanca would create a DeviantArt page that was partly dedicated to this character, and gave Chris a link to the profile in an e-mail.
Chris gets a clue
In April 2010, Chris published a page on the CWCipedia with a list of many of the women he had known in his life. Blanca was conspicuously absent from the list, but he did mention her briefly in the entry on Sarah Jackson. Of all the sweethearts he had met online, Blanca and Sydney were apparently the only ones that Chris had been able to successfully identify as trolls more or less on his own.
It should be noted, though, that while Chris might have figured out that Blanca was a troll, he still failed to realize she wasn't a real person. In December 2009 Chris uploaded a "correction" of his ED page; in it, he wrote that he had "[D]umped [Blanca's] sorry ass after that misdeed; I had trusted her."
Impact
Blanca can be pointed to as the first Trollsome Gal-Pal. The Persona put in place many of the memes that would serve as a template for future trolling: Coercion into leaking information, References that go over Chris's head, etc.
Blanca Destroys The Medallion
Autistic
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
20 October 2008
The many faces of Blanca
The "original" Blanca, upon which Chris would base his depiction of Blanca in the comic.
Another known image of "Blanca".
"Totally me. TOTALLY."
"Actually, she does look more like I do."
Blanca, depicted with her fan character Jiggliami as they discuss how Chris is stuck in the Time Void, is based off this Aryan version of Blanca.
Related images
Letter/drawing of Jiggliami enclosed with the Medallions, with Chris believing that Blanca was his TRUE and HONEST sweetheart.
The letter.
...and Skype.
See also
CWC Fighter, which is named after a series with a different Blanca.
Jiggliami
Julie - A successor of Blanca
PandaHalo - Another successor of Blanca
Sarah Jackson - A sweetheart who competed with Blanca over Chris
External links
Blanca's DeviantArt account
Blanca Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Blanca
Lordsillynipples
Jiggliami
The Man in the Pickle Suit
Sarah Jackson
Jessie Ruddy
Andrew Simmons
Statustjej
Blanca E-Mails: (1 • 2 • 3)
Spring Break, 2008!
Nudes
Jiggliami Medallion
Chris's Letter to Blanca
We're Being Watched
Blanca destroys the Medallion
Chris Chan Update 21 October 2008
Coinciding Sagas: Jimmy Hill, PandaHalo
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Blanca_Weiss&oldid=347581"