Title: BlueSpike PSN Chat 3.7
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/BlueSpike_PSN_Chat_3.7
Categories: Category, BlueSpike PSN Chats
================================================================================

BlueSpike PSN Chat 3.7 was a second continuation of the third PlayStation Network chat between "Julie" (BlueSpike) and Chris, held on 18 February 2009.
The last few minutes of the conversation were missing from the recording and were not transcribed until 21 October 2025,[1] when YouTube user statustjej posted it from their "old hard drive" containing "a bunch of" "ancient Chris Chan material." The summary below gives an idea of what they talked about.
Contents
1 Summary
2 Audio
3 Transcript
4 External links
5 References
Summary
Julie apologizes for cutting Bob talk early
Chris returns, Julie is sick of people doubting her country
Chris says they were looking at a map
Bob says hello, sounds very friendly, talks about how they were looking at it on a map
Chris talks about how the map could be wrong
Bob sounds like a grizzled war hero with the way he says 'USSR'
Bob says something about gypsies
Bob talks about country shifts and says that he has been around 81 years and has watched the world change a lot -Bob says it's hard to keep track of countries
Bob says people don't seem to care where the countries are in the world (TRUE) and that he knows a lot of them - Bob collected stamps in the 1930's; his first stamp was from Romania in 1935
Bob has been interested in the world since he was ten years old.
Bob believes in the United Nations while the countryside people do not feel that way
Bob has tried to educate Christian on such matters but Chris is retarded (long story short)
Bob is frustrated by other people not caring
Bob says he's a loner, that he worked for GE as an engineer
Bob has seen the world, the country
Bob's favorite eateries are in the Cleveland, Ohio area
Bob used to visit a Nigerian company in Cleveland's west end
Bob recounts a Hot Dog stand, his trip there the food he liked there
Bob has different controls in the area
Bob worked with Goodrich and Goodyear
Bob believes he's had an interesting life and he is very world-conscious
[6:45]
Bob apologizes for not acknowledging Molvanîa
Bob talks about gymnasts in Eastern Europe
Bob asks about the black sea, Julie has to cover.
Bob talks about our schools not teaching geography
[8:30]
Bob retired 20 years ago and hasn't had a chance to talk to people about stuff he knows =(
Bob had to show Chris where Australia was
Bob likes foreign music, and has 15-20,000 music records.
Bob likes Boogie-Woogie
The young people aren't interested in what's around them
Bob wishes Chris was more interested
Wants Julie to teach Chris something
Bob's favorite music city is Vienna, Austria
Bob bashes them communists
Bob asks about Molvanîan folk music
Bob likes Tchaikovsky, a composer
Talks about Soviet Rule
Bob's best friends are foreigners
Bob has controls everywhere. He has lots of friend in Australia
Julie wants a nap
Bob wants to talk about Julie's folk music
Chris returns and talks about Barb being asleep and unable to talk to Julie
Bob says Barb sleeps a lot because they're old
[13:45]
Bob has nearly died several times, and had a lot of heart problems.
Attributes his stamina to being Cherokee (I kind of believe him over Chris)
Chris chimes in and says that Bob said that Chris has kept him alive
Julie had to take a nap.
Bob says that Julie can talk to him anytime
Something about keeping Christian straight ????????
Goodbyes are exchanged
Trolls discuss love of Bob vs horrible Chris
Troll calls this long convo 'Grandpa Trap'
Trolls loooooooooooooove Bob
Praise for Julie's SHOTA abilities
A Rosechu character shows up sounding like Chris, but it's some girl who is learning about Chris
Approve of Bob's Cherokee
Thinks Chris takes after Bob
Bob was happy to talk to Julie
Audio
BlueSpike PSN Chat 3.7
Click to load content
Stardate
18 February 2009
Featuring
Chris, Bluespike
Saga
Julie Julie
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
[overlapping voices]
Unknown: I'm sorry but, uh, hello.
Chris: Julie?
Unknown: HI!
Julie: Hi, Chris.
(In the background you can hear the loud 'Hi!' from above. This feedback continues throughout the recording.)
Chris: Oh, there you are.
[(sounds of rustling]
Julie: I apologize for that. I'm just very fed up with people doubting Molvanîa.
Chris: Oh. He's looking at a map.
Julie: 'k.
Bob: Hang on a second.
[tap-tap-tap, rustling, silence]
Chris: Eh, go ahead, say something, Julie.
Julie: Oh, that sounds a lot better.
Chris: Ah, there you go. Alright, here's my dad.
Julie (enthusiastically): Hello!
Bob (enthusiastically): Hello!
Chris: That- that's, uh, Julie Molbania. She came all the way from Molvanîa.
Bob: Molvanîa, we were just looking at it on the map. It's, uh, ah...
Chris (cutting in): Oh, well, dad, you know, for your information, I, uh looked at the map with you and, uh, you know, the, uh, Czechoslovakian Republic looked like the outline of the Molvanîan map I saw on the Internet, but I could be wrong.
Bob: Anyway, next to, uh, [long string of consonant sounds, I think he's saying "It looks like it was a part of the"] former Soviet Union. USSR.
Julie: Hmm.
Chris: He likes to explain.
Bob: It's gypsy country!
Julie: Ah.
Bob: You have any gypsy violins there?
Julie: Hmm. Oh yeah, I see. Cuz the thing is, I- I quit a while ago, Chris, because i-i-it just- I don't know why, people doubt Molvanîa so much. It's...
Chris: Oh, I was listening- alright- she was listening on my earpiece, dad.
Bob (matter-of-factly): I see.
Chris: Just to let you know.
Bob: Well, it's the... All the countries keep changing. I keep telling Christian, I've been around for 81 years and I've seen this world change a lot and it's hard to keep track of which countries are what countries anymore or what they were earlier.
Julie: Yes, I underst-
Bob: Also a lot of people, very few people, really, seem to care what, uh, uh, where the countries of the world are, they don't even know. I happen to know a lot of 'em because I collected stamps back in 1930s.
Julie: Ah, that's interesting.
Bob: And, uh, I got my first stamp, actually... first foreign stamp I got... was a stamp from Romania...
Julie: Hm.
Bob: and it shows the former child-king of Romania riding on a white horse, and I guess that was about 1935, '36, somewhere in there, so, um... and I've still got that stamp, as a matter of fact.
Julie: Ah.
Bob: But very few people really, particularly in this country, really understand the makeup of the world. I have been very interested in the world since I was 10 years old, and that was 70 years ago and then, the, uh... I'm very fond of and I really truly believe in the United Nations, but you won't find anybody else in my countryside or around here, I think, that does. [chuckling] But anyway, I'm very world conscious.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: And I've tried to train Christian in being conscious of the world, but it's awful hard for him to understand because he- he knows about Charlottesville and he knows about our little county here in Greene. And he knows about places that are fifty, a hundred miles away, but he doesn't really comprehend a thing. Countries or cities or anything that's- that's really farther away. Like I don't think he really comprehends Europe or... or Asia or anywhere like that and, uh, I think it hard that... to have... most people think about that or comprehend that. Cuz I'm- I'm kind of a loner, and I worked for General Electric while I was working as an engineer and I traveled all over the world and all over the country, which is fortunate because Christian was telling me you're up in the Cleveland area and some of my favorite eating spots are in the Cleveland area.
Julie: Ah, that's interesting.
Bob: In fact, uh, I used to go visit a... engineering company called Western Engineering over in the, uh... um... I guess here in the west end of Cleveland and, uh, around the corner from Western Engineering was a little, uh, spaghetti place and hot dog place and we used to get hot dogs and beans and hot dogs and sauerkraut there every day for lunch when I went up there. And so, and out at the airport, when I used to fly into the airport I used to get there at 10 or 12 o'clock at night. I used to go to the motel there and in the motel at the airport they had a little restaurant that had the- the best... uh, um, split-pea soup you've ever seen in your life. I spent a lot of time in Cleveland and, ah, I got a lot of controls around there.
Julie: Huh.
Bob: Automation of different types of industries. Like I worked a lot with Goodrich and Goodyear down in Akron and at Kent, down in Kent University. And I have a whole bunch of controls for GE down in a little town called Ravenna.
Julie: Huh.
Bob: Now you may have heard of Ravenna.
Julie: Yeah, I have.
Bob: Because they have a big German population, I guess, in Ravenna. And, uh, I've got a whole bunch of controls there, too. It was an int-interesting life I had. But I'm still- I'm still much more world conscious than, uh, I think most of the people in this country, anyway. At least, I think so. Most people you ask them where a country is and they could say 'Is that on this planet?'
Julie: Hmm.
Bob: They don't even know about it. At least I know about most of 'em. But some of 'em change. And Christian got all upset cuz I didn't know where your country is.
Julie: Huh.
Bob: But then I guess your country was part of the Soviet Union at one time, wasn't it?
Julie: I suppose it was, yes.
Bob: So [garbled] all those states I've always wondered, I know there was 14 or 15 different states that comprised the USSR and I always wondered when they broke up back, what, 10, 12, 15 years ago, how many of those states became independent, independent countries. 'Cause I know that Ukraine was one of 'em and I know Belarus was one of them.
Julie: Huh.
Bob: And because that's where all the famous gymnasts come from.
Julie: Hmm.
Bob: But, uh, I haven't heard of yours.
Julie: Uh...
Bob: Your country, but it's sandwiched in there between Romania and Bulgaria, I guess and, uh, do you have an outlet to the Black Sea there?
Julie: Huh?
Bob: I was looking at the Black Sea area on the map, and I don't think that your country actually- you don't have an outlet to the Black Sea, I guess.
Julie: Uh. Um. [pregnant pause] I dunno. [long garbled section, something about schools teaching cooking, I think?]
Bob: Yeah, that's the way the schools are here. They don't teach ya about all these other places, and other countries, and... and things like that. That's why I think you'll find I think I'm kinda unusual.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: You won't find many people like me around... cuz I'm a firm believer in the United Nations and, uh, I always have been and I collect the United Nations stamps also. I'm- I'm, uh, since I've retired, which has been after 20 years I guess, I really haven't had much contact with people so I don't get to talk about all this much.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: I've tried to teach Christian and whether he's, uh, got any comprehension of the world or not, uh, I dunno. He had a tough time with Australia a few months back before he finally got it through his head where Australia was. But I- I- I love the- all the foreign countries and foreign music 'cause I love music, and I've got maybe 15 to 20,000 long play records of, uh, classical music and, uh, some are classical music, jazz, and blues, and big band and... everything all the way to Dixielands, all the boogie-woogie, all the stuff back to the... '20s. I love music, and I love foreign countries' musics too.
Julie: It's more interesting, huh?
Bob: Most people, uh, they wouldn't, uh... particularly the young people, they don't- they seem to be disinterested in what's around them. I don't really understand that. I was always... when I grew up, I was always somehow conscious of the world rather than where I was here. I never quite understood that, but that's the way I was.
Julie: Huh. Hm, I understand, sir-
Bob: [indistinct] I wish Christian [indistinct] interested in the world, but he's not.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: Well, he hadn't been, I've tried to teach him. Maybe you could teach him some.
Julie: Heh, I hope so.
Bob: But do they have any, uh, I- I know one of my favorite cities, music-wise, is Vienna...
Julie: Hm.
Bob: i-in Austria. And you know all the Viennese waltzes, uhh, all the stuff that comes out of Austria- [veria???] there, and all that area. And, uh, I've got a lot on record. What- what kind of folk music do they have in, uh- in where- where you- where you come from? Is- another one of my favorite composers is Tchaikovsky.
Julie: Hm.
Bob: Which I knew came from just north up there in- in Russia.
Julie: Well, actually, we have very limited selection of music in Molvanîa, wasn't really- it wasn't really a very well connected country, if you know what I mean?
Bob: Yeah.
Julie: Mm.
Bob: Yeah, you probably were- you were under the Soviet rule and they probably put you under their thumb for a lot of years.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: And, uh... it- it's- We've had the advantage here of being basically free, or independent. And- as you've found out, and everybody does their own thing and thinks their own way and... and [chuckle] fortunately I, uh... some of my best friends have always been people from the foreign countries.
Julie: Hm!
Bob: Like my best friend while I was working in, um... one [???], about 15 years, was all the way from Turkey. He was a Turkish engineer and, uh, he came over here and, uh, ended up being a doctorate in engineering but, uh, my- my- [audio cut?] -was his name.
Julie: Hm.
Bob: I had a tough time learning how to tell s- even say his name. [chuckling] Anyway, he was one of my best friends... and he had a friend called Dr. [???] who was a doctor, a medical doctor, that worked at the, uh, DA hospital, in uh- [audio cut?] But some of my best friends people from the- from the foreign countries. And, uh, I, uh, I've got friends all over Australia too, cuz I've got controls everywhere in this world, anywhere from automation to, well, plastic bottles, and Kleenex, and paper products, and steel, and everything else under the sun if I had to clean it- I've met people all over the world. It's been interesting.
Julie: Yeah. This is a great- [audio cut?]
Bob: I was in a good spot, I was lucky.
Julie: Yeah. Huh. [audio cut?] I'm gonna go take a nap, I'm just kinda tired. But thank you very much for talking to me. I'm happy that you were able to share this with me.
Bob: Yeah. I'd, uh, be happy to talk to you about your music sometime because I'm awful- I'm interested in all of that, what kind of folk music you have and, uh... the, uh, the- not- not necessarily the rock-n-roll or the stuff that you import from the United States and things. [chuckles]
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: But, you know, your folk music.
Julie: Yeah!
Bob: And your- your- your normal- your- your country's music, basically.
Julie: I definitely look forward to talking about that with you.
Bob: Because I don't really- [interrupted] Yeah, well, you can talk to Christian. I-I'm around. And, uh, I've got a lot of music.
Chris: Oh, she wanted to talk to mom as well but she was sleeping and mom was reluctant earlier.
Bob: Yeah, well, your mother sleeps a lot. [chuckles] We're old! I'm 81 years old.
Julie: Ooh!
Bob: And, um... So I- I've been fortunate. Because I can still...
Chris: Tell her about your triple bypasses, pop.
Bob: still do what I can do. And, uh, I mean- I've had two triple bypasses, uh, four heart attacks. My heart stopped three or four times already, I would've died three or four times! [chuckle]
Julie: Ooh.
Bob: I've got a pacemaker [in the ???], but I'm still chuggin' along.
Julie: Alright.
Bob: I've got a lot of Cherokee in me.
Julie: Yeah.
Bob: You know, Cherokee in ya.
Chris: Hey, he thanks me for keeping him alive. [audio cut?]
Bob: -native, and I'm part Native American, I think that's why I got- I've got strong genes for living long. Cuz all of my uncles, and, uh... and my father and I, and my grandfathers that were Cherokee, all lived to be up in their 90s to a hundred years old.
Julie: Hm. So, um, yeah...
Bob: I'm fortunate.
Julie: Yeah, I'm gonna go take a nap now. I'm kinda tired. It's been very nice to talk to you, Bob.
Bob: Yeah. Any time! I'm- I'm just here- around listenin' to music. [chuckle]
Julie: Alright. Um...
Bob: Uh- to- keepin' Christian straight.
Julie: Yeah... I'll talk to you later, guys.
Bob: ["Come on see ya, Christian."?]
Chris: Alright. You take care, Julie.
Julie: Bye, Chris.
Chris: I'll see you later s- Julie, you take care.
Julie: Bye.
Chris: Hopefully, uh, mom will be, uh, more willing to talk to you next time.
Julie: Yup. Bye.
Chris: Alright. Bye, Julie. Take care.
Julie: Alright.
[hangs up]
⇐ BlueSpike PSN Chat 3.5
BlueSpike PSN Chats
BlueSpike PSN Chat 4 ⇒
External links
Download
Mirror
References
↑ https://archive.org/details/bluespike-psn-chat-3.7
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=BlueSpike_PSN_Chat_3.7&oldid=350665"