Title: Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Bob_Chandler%27s_call_with_The_P_Capsaicins
Categories: Chats without Chris, Leaked videos
================================================================================

NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Bob Chandler's call with the P Capsaicins (also known as Bob Call 4) is a YouTube video that originated on ThePCAssassins account, and now exists only as an archive on Albert Clukey's account. The video is notable as it's title is a legendary misspelling of "ThePCAssassins". The video's upload date is listed as 1 July 2018, however the video was recorded around the same time as Bob's got Cancer and Bob Call 6 which would place it in the year 2011 or possibly late 2010.
An Internet Archive link exists of the video on the original channel, showing it's upload date as 1 May 2011. The original video was the same length with the only difference between the two being the background picture, in the original Bob Call 4 video it is a black-and-white sketch of a cemetery.
Bob discusses several topics with Craig, this is the third call that the same man can be heard speaking with Bob, and is the same person who spoke to him in Bob Call 6 and Bob's got Cancer. The two again discuss Chris learning how to read and write through closed captioning on his television set as well as Chris's autism and his inability to find a job.
Audio
Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins
Click to load content
Stardate
2011
Subject Matter
Other Bob
Other
Leaked Leaked
Audio Recordings
previous Catch A Wild Snorlax Plus Update on Bob
next Get in touch with Bobby C
Transcript
Craig: And to be quite frank with you I'm really amazed at all the stuff that, y'know that yo- you've invented and created to help automate the world and I'm just- I'm just so blown back by it.
Bob: You'll probably never find my name mixed up with any of it either.
Craig: And that's the sad part.
Bob: That's the beauty- that's the beauty of working the background for GE (General Electric)
Craig: Yep! Aw man.
Bob: I'll tell you another thing I always did.
Craig: What?
Bob: And I've always chalked it up as a form of pride. Really. And whenever I shipped one of my control valves, my work was going into the world, I always signed the inside of the control case.
Craig: Really?
[There is some noise on the phoneline, unclear whether it is on Bob or Craig's end]
Bob: I always signed my work, and I was proud of my work and I always signed it, and took responsibility for it.
Craig: That's good.
Bob:
If you can't feel that way about your work it shouldn't be going out the door.
Craig: Exactly, and that it- it's amazing though because like you- you could just take apart those machines and see the guy who made it and that's you! And I- I like that how you personalised it and you take pride in your job.
Bob: Well it's just- at first you gotta learn the language then you gotta learn what they want to do, then you got to do what you got to do it. Then you put it together and you sell it to them. hahaha!
Craig: hahahaha! It's- it's so-
Bob: It's that simple.
Craig: Yeah! it's- it's- it's true and uh- once you get the language down I hope to become as better- as good as an engineer as you.
Bob: Yeah well... What year are you in now? [Referring to Craig's university studies as an engineer.]
Craig: Uh- I'm done my first year.
Bob: You- You've done your first year huh?
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: You got through all the chemistry and- and physics and junk right?
Craig: Yeah I'm almost bald now because of it.
Bob: Second year is a little better, we- you get to get in some of the calculus and stuff now I guess, right?
Craig: Yeah, and uh- then we started learning that stuff and then we started touching off base on to some other ideas and, such and such it's uh- I'm just glad my first year is over with cause that is like the hard- I dunno it was a pretty tough year.
Bob: Well colleges use the first two years to weed students out. That's where they flunk them out is the first two years, and the third year they started teaching them what they're going to- teach them for the degree. Like my son now he's high-functioning autistic, he was never supposed to be able to write his name.
Craig: Oh really?
Bob: And he's uh- And he's got two degrees from the community college in computer uh- aided drafting or architecture and computer aided drafting for engineers.
Craig: Oh wow.
Bob: And he was never supposed to be able to read his- to write his name. I worked with him for some 28 years now.
Craig: Te- Tell me more about that please like, like how did you help- or how did you work with him?
Bob: Well we just, I just worked with him I spent, I spent his whole high school- around middle school and high school career in Richmond with him. So he could go to school in the public system in Richmond cause they wanted to put him in an institution where we live. And I had to kidnap my own son in order to get him- to keep him in a public school.
Craig: So- So they wanted to put him in an institution that's- that's horrible.
Bob: Yeah well that's the school system for you, but anyway I spent 20 years fighting the school system, I learned alot about the school system hahahaha!
Craig: hahahaha! That- That's terrible though like you pretty much had to kidnap your own kid to get him a public education. That's...
Bob: I did they tried to get me for kidnapping.
Craig: Geez!
Bob: And he was my own son! Anyway I- I'll tell you a little secret that he, he came up with himself which I think is very significant. And if you have any relatives or any friends or anybody that you know of and you- most people do know people, that are either autistic, you know the autistic children, or the ones that are born slow learners, and th- the uh- ADT types. You- you know this category of kids that they have troubles with in schools. If you know anybody that's got kids like that, now Christian taught himself to read by simply turning on the close captions on his TV. And I think that was one of the big crossovers that got him to where he was able to communicate with the world.
Craig: That's pretty smart.
Bob: They didn't teach him how to read in the school, he taught himself by reading the close captions, while he was hearing it on the television screen. And if- I tell all these people that got these autistic children that can't do anything with em, "Turn on the close caption they'll read it, they'll learn from it."
Craig: That's amazing.
Bob: So I got- I got- I got a son that's uh- that's uh- proved it! He's proven the point.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: But you know these PhD and doctors and psychiatrists and all this, they think I'm full of crap.
Craig: Oh no Bob you- you're a genius and ob- obviously your son- obviously your son's a genius too though if he was able to learn to read like that, like... And that just proves to you- that proves to us- that proves to everybody how bad the public school system is now.
Bob: Yeah well he's been- he has an advantage I don't have, him being autistic like he is, or high-functioning autistic, he has a- he has a photographic memory.
Craig: Oh really?
Bob: Did you ever- did you ever play uh- the video game called "Mario's World"?
Craig: Yeah- Yeah I have when I was younger.
Bob: Yeah well before you got King Koopa up on the top you know.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: And you got Yoshi- you got Yoshi down on the bottom, hahaha!
Craig: haha!
Bob: Well, I could get almost past Yoshi's Island.
Craig: Really?
Bob: My son- my son because he could remember all steps and every bit of the programming in that thing and everything that was gonna happen, he was up there within 2 days and had knocked off King Koopa.
Craig: hahaha! Oh man that's amazing.
Bob: He- He'd go see these video games like they're going out of style, he uh- I mean he could remember what was coming up. And if you can remember then you've automatically got him defeated, you know where the bat's gonna come from in the cave right?
Craig: Oh yeah totally.
Bob: You can shoot it down. And that's- so- that's what he's got autistic children they have these photographic memories
Craig: Oh yeah.
Bob: And most people, don't utilise that, that category
Craig: Yeah that- that's so true I- that's amazing though that like, you know, that your son is so gifted that way.
Bob:
Well that's just the way they are, all of them seem to be that way that's one of the characteristics, that uh- the- the- the- the- their- their- their strengths are their technical abilities and their memory rather than their social skills and because they don't measure up socially all the psychiatrists and everything wanna put them in these institutions.
Craig: Oh yeah that's horrible that's horrible but you know, your son must like- your son must be popular like, with the ladies by- with having such a good photographic memory and being so smart.
Bob: Well he's got uh- he's got uh- he has invented this cartoon character called Sonichu.
Craig: Oh really?
Bob: Yeah he's the inventor of that and he- he uh- invented that and drew his own lines back in 2000. He was drawing all his own cartoons and he's got clubs all over the world. Sonichu clubs.
Craig: That's amazing does he- is he- like- like- like- has he made it into like a video game or is he still doing the comic books?
Bob: They're in comic book form.
Craig: Oh wow.
Bob: And he's got whole volumes of that stuff he been sharing with the public now for ei- eight years.
Craig: Oh nice!
Bob: Or ten years I guess.
Craig: That's amazing like-
Bob: People are hating for it and people love him for it.
Craig: Oh you- you know what Bob like the haters are always gonna hate but I think that's amazing that your son is so intelligent to actually become like and entrepreneur in the arts that- that's- that's amazing.
Bob: But anyway... He's a nice kid, he's got social problems, he still doesn't know how to interact really, he's 28 years old now and he still do- doesn't really know how to interact. But then that's part of the uh- that's the only part of the autism that's left now.
Craig: Yeah, but the main thing is though that he's- he's creative he's smart he's got a photographic memory and he creates something that is amazing to him and to his whole family, to the whole world.
Bob: Yeah he's got all these degrees and yet he can't get a job, he can't even get a job at McDonald's.
Craig: That's horrible.
Bob: That's the way the system works in this country.
Craig: I- that's-
Bob: It's an awful- it's a terribly awful country really.
Craig: You've- aw that's horrible why can't he get a job?
Bob: Nobody wants to hire autistic children. Or anybody that's got any kind of difficulties, learning difficulties or attention deficit disorders or anyone
like that.
Craig: That's terrible it's-
Bob: They don't want anything to do with them.
Craig: So he's never had a job before?
Bob: He's never had a job.
Craig: Oh wow that's su- that's horrible.
Bob: He can't- he won't even get hired at McDonald's.
Craig: Oh that's- that's terrible- that's terrible sir that's just horrible. But-
Bob: But he- as far as I'm concerned he's head and shoulders above everyone that works at McDonald's.
Craig: Oh yeah ju- just from what-
Bob: hahahaha!
Craig: ha! just from what you've told me alone like- like all that stuff that he's accomplished you know he's- he should be like owning McDonald's you know.
Bob: Yeah well... I don't know but that's just the way it works.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: You can get a job- you see you can go out and get a job at McDonald's without any question, because you don't have any problems uh- socially, with interacting with the other people because you went through a normal childhood, I guess, and when you went to school you knew when to close your mouth and when to open it.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: And uh- but the autistic children don't work that way. They don't know necessarily when to open and when to close their mouths hahahaha!
Craig: hahaha! But he must've gotten really good grades in high school and college though right?
Bob: He did alright.
Craig: Yeah? Was he on- was he like- I was never on the Honor Roll in high school and I've never actually known anybody who was ever on the actual Honor Roll in high school so like, I was just wondering if he was on the Honor Roll. Or if he made it...
Bob: NO but he was in special education most of the time.
Craig: Oh okay.
Bob: The last four years he was mainstreamed.
Craig: Oh.
Bob: You know with- you know what I mean by mainstreamed, he just goes to class like the other kids.
Craig: Yeah, yeah.
Bob: But uh- he got a- he got a high school degree and the people in social services people where I now live... well they were the ones that wanted to put him away because they said he'd never be able to write his name.
Craig: But you know what Bo- you know what Bob he proved them wrong and that's the main thing.
Bob: ...Yeah I think it's- I- I'm glad that I did it, it was worth it I got to spend a lot of money on it, my wife and I were separated for about ten years so she was in Ruckersville and I was in Richmond. And I was over there with him and she was over here trying to make some money, hahaha!
Craig: haha!
Bob: So uh- but- we're all back together and it was worth it we got him educated we know what he can do. [Inadible'] these dumb places in- in the world that will- have to hire him won't know what he can do or not, they're just afraid to take a chance.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: They're just afraid of what they don't know.
Craig: Exactly and that's a shame. Cause, from what you- from what you've just told me-
Bob: The whole- the whole world, the whole world looks down on handicapped people. You- a handicapped person can hardly get a job.
Craig: Yeah it's true.
Bob: I think it's a- a crime.
Craig: Yeah it is it's a gross mis- it's a gross injustice in our society Bob.
Bob: It is. And uh- but that's just the way it is, cause he's a great cartoonist, he can- he can draw he can portray- he knows the internet like the back of his hand. And he writes, he writes all these volumes of stuff, and he just shares it with the world, he's got a, he won a patent thing in England just recently.
Craig: Really?
Bob: So some guy over there was trying to say that he was infringing on something this guy did, and uh- the- the patent people in England, "your majesty's patent service" or something came to our defense and proved the guy wrong so he's got a now- he can do his Sonichu's all [Inaudible] trademarked and- and uh- copyrighted.
Craig: Oh nice.
Bob: So he's got full ownership of it.
Craig: It- does- has he set up a website where I can read the comics?
Bob: It's a combination of Sonichu and Pikachu, uh- Sonic and Pikachu.
Craig: Okay.
Bob: And he invented this whole family of cartoon characters. There's Sonic, uh- Sonichu and uh- Rosechu and a whole bunch of them, and he- he does cartoons and he does have them on the internet but I- I think he's pulled them all down now.
Craig: Oh really? That's too bad.
Bob: He got tired of dealing with all these people trying to kill him. There's so many people that hate his guts in the world.
Craig: Oh that's horrible.
Bob: You get all kinds of death threats and all kind of stuff.
Craig: Oh well like- have- have you taken it to the police?
Bob: Yeah they don't care. I get phone call's all the time. Where they [[Inaudible] using my phone, to kill these people[?].
Craig: That's terrible.
Bob: It is. There are always people out in the world trying to get you, particularly if you're successful.
Craig: Geez.
Bob: And he is successful, but he can't get a job, he cannot earn any money.
Craig: That's terrible like-
Bob: In- ain't that sad? hahaha!
Craig: That is very sad actually that's horrible
Bob: That's the world you're expecting to go into.
Craig: Yep that is true. And I'm hoping to make it a better place just like you did Bob.
Bob: Well you gotta learn how to brown-nose.
[The call abruptly ends after 15 minutes. It is likely that this is only a partial segment of a longer video that was originally uploaded.]
Analysis
Bob provides some very interesting insights into Chris's life, he reiterates his opinion that Chris cannot find a job because employers are cautious about hiring autistic and special needs employee's, and he repeats the same advice as given in Bob Call 6 to "Turn on the close captioning if you have an autistic, or ADT or special needs child". Bob also confirms that Chris was never on the high school nor college Honor Roll and only attended 4 years of high school, with the rest of his time being spent in special education.
Information about Bob's character can also be gleamed from this conversation. Early on Bob mentions that when he worked at General Electric and was presumably overseeing or in charge of producing control valves (Unclear whether this refers to a standard valve or precision components meant to act as a 'control' in a factory/laboratory setting) he would mark the case of the valve with his signature, Bob was obviously proud of his work at General Electric and was very confident in his oversight/manufacturing skills.
He also claims that the local council of Ruckersville attempted to have him charged for the kidnapping of Chris when Bob took him to Richmond, in order for him to be enrolled in a public school, rather than into a special needs school or institutionalized in a mental asylum like Bob believes.
v • d • e
Chris's leaked videos
2000s
For Julie's Eyes Only • Barb almost goes off • A CWC Audition • April 16 Fetish Vids • Power • CWCFlyingElephants • CWC "Boyfriend" Leaked Edition • Chris Humps His PS3 • Chris Chan creepy smile • THAT IS MY HOUSE (Director's Cut)
2010s
For J-R's Eyes Only • The MovingFoward videos • It Is Finished • Outdoors workout • You're Always Pretty • JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication • Cwcsicle • Call Bobby Chandler • Bob's got Cancer • Catch A Wild Snorlax Plus Update on Bob • Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins • Get in touch with Bobby C • Bob Call 6 • Message for John Kyle • A few kicks • Chris's Specimen Sample • Women Only Need Apply - No STD's • Tour of Chris's House III • Chris apologizes to Gwen • Chris slaps himself • Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture‎ • All Star • Chris Kisses Cryzel • Chris lost Crystal
2020s
Taser Discussion • Chris Kisses Rosechu • Chris's Last Will and Testament • Chris channels Randy Stair • Fiona Facetime Videos • Waltah White Calls
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Bob_Chandler%27s_call_with_The_P_Capsaicins&oldid=354174"