Title: Bob Call 6
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Bob_Call_6
Categories: Chats without Chris, Leaked videos
================================================================================

NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Bob Call 6 is a video uploading by ThePCAssassins on 16 May 2011. The video is just over 20 minutes long, cut-down from over an hour of audio recording. In the video a man discusses Chris's future with Bob. They discuss many topics, such as what will happen after Bob dies, Chris's autism and developmental delays, as well as Bob's hopes for Chris.
Audio
ThePCassassins - Bob Call 6 - What'll happen to Chris???????
Click to load content
Stardate
16 May 2011
Subject Matter
Other Bob
Other
Leaked Leaked
Audio Recordings
previous Get in touch with Bobby C
next N/A
Transcript
[The video starts with a long introduction by a narrator Rufus, who describes some of the contents of the video. Note that a one hour 45 minute version may exist somewhere]
Rufus: Hi everybody, this is Rufus from the PCAssassin, now this is Bob Call Number 6, originally an hour and 45 minutes but we had to cut back a lot of shit that Bob was talking about. Now Bob is talking about engineering and a whole bunch of other shit that we did not really care about. But, we did get 16 minutes in about what would happen to Chris after he died what'll- what about Megan and a whole lot of dumb bullshit about Chris and close captioning. Now the first five minutes about Chris and close captioning but we decided to keep that shit in as a reminder to you guys that... y'know that... if you have a retarded child and all make sure that you turn on the close captioning- I don't fucking know what that shit was all about but, that's alot of bullshit. But anyways we hope you enjoy the call, weeee.... hope you guys.. y'know give us more questions to ask Robert, but in the meantime we hope you enjoy Bob Call Number 6 - What'll Happen To Chris? Thank you.
[After a few seconds of dead air the recording begins]
Bob: Well he's the one that came up with the idea of turning on the close captioning, it wasn't me, it wasn't no psychiatrists. It wasn't no PhD bookworm. It was simply Christian. And he- he turned on the... the uh- uh- close captioning on his TV and he taught himself how to read.
Craig: Hmmm
Bob: That was his idea, that's the way he learned how to read.
Craig: See and that's why-
Bob: -and talk and communicate.
Craig: And that's the exact same way that I think Chris is a genius because, he taught himself that and, and that is so impressive, like, I- I- I'm actually really stunned by that actually when you were telling me about that earlier like that- that's amazing like, like his life goals must be like pretty impressive though too right? Like... pretty interesting?
Bob: Well he uh- he was- I had him on a Commodore 64, which is the first little simple 64 bit computer you know?
Craig: Yeah!
Bob: Way back when, I had him on a Commodore 64 and he was programming that. Uh- Before he could talk!
Craig: Oh nice.
Bob: Now he understood it better than I did I think, hahahah!
Craig: Hahaha!
Bob: Now he- He knows alot more now about the computers than I do. I'm at a loss, just let it go and I don't even play with it anymore. I'm not even online anymore.
Craig: Aw.. So- So- So what does he do online? Like on the computers and stuff like does he pro- does he make his own videogames, does he like write?
Bob: Ah well he's a genius on videogames.
Craig: Yeah?
Bob: Because he's got a better- He's got a photographic memory. Like for example there was one game called "Mario World"... where they had these uh- mini mini mini levels and uh- up at the top was "king koosha" or somebody that you had to defeat. And it was after you got up through about 600 steps of um mario's world games that you got to the sky and uh- defeated the king. King koopa or somebody.
Craig: Okay.
Bob: Well I uh- haha!
Craig: ha!
Bob: I never got past level 3. At the bottom of Yoshi's Island. That's the third level up now in the game, out of about a thousand levels or something. I never got past level 3.
Craig: Oh nice.
Bob: Christian, he could remember all those secrets, and he knew what was gonna happen in the games, before they- when they were about to happen he could beat 'em that way. Then he was up there and beat king- king koopa and uh- in about 3 days.
Craig: Hmmmmm I- is Chris like, is your son Chris is he a Sonic The Hedgehog fan?
Bob: Is he what?
Craig: A Sonic The Hedgehog fan. Cause you're telling me about a uh- Sonichu
Bob: Ah, yeah.
Craig: Okay.
Bob: Yeah Sonichu is a cross between Sonic and uh- Pikachu.
Craig: Okay.
Bob: That's his own creation of the character.
Craig: Does he have a copyright?
Bob: Inaudible
Bob: He has a what?
Craig: Does he have a copyright on it?
Bob: He does. Matter of fact.
Craig: Hmmmm.
Bob: It's been upheld in the courts in England even.
Craig: Oh no I- That's pretty cool that's pretty cool actually... Ohhh okay.
Bob: Yeah he's a neat guy.
Craig: Yeah, yeah he sounds like a really neat guy, uh- Bob and I would actually really like to talk to him someday but, eugh...
Bob: It- it's too bad that the world is so afraid of autistic children.
Craig: Yeah it is! It is. Uh- yeah it is because I- I was uh- I was uh- uhhhhh- So sorry I'm actually kinda stumbling over my words. Like cause like, he had his own website right I believe, your son? And he, he had like.
Bob: He's had several of them he's had them for years
Craig: Yeah
Bob: And he's far beyond me on the computer and that.
Craig: Oh yeah.
Bob: hahahaha!
Craig: hahaha!
Bob: In fact- in fact he's giving up on the computer he's backed off of it most of the time.
Craig: Oh that's terrible. Does he-
Bob: Because it's giving him such a hard time.
Craig: Oh yeah, that's, it- it's pretty bad you know.
Bob: I think so hahaha!
Craig: hahaha!
Bob: I think they oughta just leave him alone.
Craig: I agree with you Bob! I agree with you like, you know if I was in the Ruckersville area than I'd totally be Chris's friend...
Bob: Yeah he's a- he's a nice guy but no- nobody likes nice guys.
Craig: Yeah, it's-
Bob: You gotta be a bastard for somebody to like you I think.
Craig: Yeah, I agree.
Bob: That's too bad but that's just the way the world is.
Craig: Yeah it is, it is
Bob: Yep.
Craig: I was uh- I was reading some of your son's comic books actually and, uh- like some of the Sonichu issues. And it talked- and it talked about his like- like a sweetheart named Megan like uh- I dunno if that's like a current girlfriend he has or not.
Bob: Yeahhh that was back in the year 19- or the year 2000.
Craig: Ohhh-
Bob: She was just a little, little uh- what I would call a little low life in the gutter bitch.
Craig: Really?
Bob: Ha! Yeah... but Christian didn't see her that way. But that's basically about what she was.
Craig: What happened?
Bob: There's really a person named Megan.
Craig: Oh is there? Okay.
Bob:
And uh- but uh- she... they like to... he- he was uh- they had a- a Pokemon group. You know Pokemon?
Craig: Yes I do.
Bob: You- You've heard of Pokemon?
Craig: Yes I have!
Bob: Well they had a Pokemon group at the uh- the local uh- toy store downtown
Craig: Okay.
Bob: And- and Christian was one of the leaders in a Pokemon group. Christian knew Pokemon in and out and was one of their leaders. And he was so good at it and everything that then people started hating you because you're good at it, right?
Craig: Right.
Bob: And they don't like it when you're selling things. And that was one of- one of the problems that turned [inaudible] that's how it all got started, them giving him a hard time down there because he was so successful at Pokemon. And he liked Megan and nothing could ever be said wrong about Megan. I knew what Megan was. But he didn't know what Megan was- you can never tell a guy when, love is blind..
Craig: Mm-hmmm.
Bob: That's a- old saying that you can- I can guarantee you is true. Love is blind.
Craig: Yes.
Bob: And he was in love with Megan and nothing Megan could do with being wrong, right? Even if she had taken a gun and pointed it to his head and shot him it still wouldn't have been wrong.
Craig: Ha! Oh man...
Bob: It's just unfortunate that it works that way.
Craig: So-
Bob: But I guess he.. carries a sort of- or carries the torch for her. In a way I get this little Rosechu character that he's got is uh- is the essence of uh- Charlie Brown's little red-headed girl.
Craig: Yeah, hahaha!
Bob: hahaha!
Craig: S- so like- like how did it end?
Bob: They're still downtown but Christian got thrown out of the place
Craig: Oh really?
Bob: Because he was just, they- they cause- because he was handicapped it caused problems.
Craig: Okay
Bob: And most normal people don't like handicapped. Even though Christian doesn't look handicapped Christian still has one of the normal characteristics of autism, which is uh- socialising. He's slow to socialise and he doesn't really know how to socialise much. But uh- he- that= that's one of their real problems. Now there's all kinds of levels of autism, okay?
Craig: Okay.
Bob: There's autism where the kids never gonna do anything, just be a little babbling idiot. That's all it is, I mean they're just a vegetable. There's that level of autism, it's unfortunate and I feel really sorry for those kids. But there's other kids where they can do a little bit and they can help themselves and try to survive a little. But then there's other ones where they can be- you think they're just a normal kid except they can't uh- some things they can't tolerate and they blow their stack over some things. They- they have little breaking points that are- that are not obvious. And then there are others that come up and get to be fantastic uh- scholars, like I say he has 2 degrees in Computer Automated Graphics and you know what that is?
Craig: Yes I do.
Bob: He's got one in architecture and one in engineering. But he can't get a job because he's autism's labelled on him he's called autism and there are people that would hire him but are afraid of what he might do, cause they don't know him they've never seen him do it. But they don't know what he might do You- you follow me? What I'm saying?
Craig: Oh I am totally following you.
Bob: People are afraid of what they don't know. So there he is a talented cartoonist, with all kinds of possibilities uh- perfect memory, photographic memory, and could do CADD, CAM and all the computer work in a flash yet nobody want's to touch him because they're afraid of what they don't know, or what he might do.
Craig: That- that's-
Bob: They're afraid to take a step.
Craig: Yeah that- that's true you know because- because like everybody's afraid of what they don't know and from what you're telling me about Chris, Chris seems like a really outstanding guy. He took 2 characters, 2 characters from 2 different genre's and created his own characters, copyrighted it, had his own comic book- has his own comic book series, and people are still afraid of him and- that upsets me.
Bob: He's got fan clubs all over the world.
Craig: Yeah! Like-
Bob: For Sonichu.
Craig: Aw man. Like-
Bob: [Bob say's something but there is interference on the phoneline and it cannot be heard] and uh- keep calling and giving him a hard time and- and emulating him and telling him how bad he is and everything and these few little rotten apples are the ones that, they spoil his life for him cause it makes him think that he's a failure but he's really not.
Craig: Geez, aw...
Bob: That's a- that's the way it is... and the psychiatrist don't help you any either.
Craig: No no si-
Bob: They're about, they just got- they- they just kinda- they kinda like to emphasize and hit you when you're down and
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: And then they kick you when you're up. hahaha!
Craig: Yep, that's, hahaha! That's true, so- so like-
Bob: That's why- that's why I was telling you if you know anybody or, run across anybody, friends or relatives, or anybody that has children that are autistic, or any ADT, the uh- slow learners, anything like that you know, well tell them the best effective way for those kids to help themselves, is to have their parents turn on the close caption all the time. Because that works, I know it works. I've seen it work.
Craig: Yeah I tota- I totally believe you Bob.
Bob: Those kids would help themselves, and no matter how much special education they might get, that will produ- do more for them than any special education they could get.
Craig: I agree Bob.
Bob: Well it's - you can- you can help the world you just keep keeping your eyes out, if you hear anything about that tell them "oh go home and turn on your close captioning and leave it on"
Craig: Oh I will.
Bob: So the kids can see it.
Craig: I will Bob.
Bob: You'd be surprised how much you'll do for kids all over the place.
Craig: hahaha! I'll s- I'll spread the word.
Bob: It's the simple thing's that always work.
Craig: Oh yeah. Oh it's- it's true it's true the simple things are always things that work the best, and it- it's true it's so true. Uh- I- I have a question Bob, uh- uh- It- It's- like I'm just wondering like you know, uh- uhhh- well like, what's gonna happen to Chris after uh- you and Barbara pass away?
Bob: I don't have any idea.
Craig: No?
Bob: He can function pretty well on his own, I'm not sure he could make a living. But maybe the system would step up to the bar and take him in. Who knows.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: And if we weren't there then they'd have to appoint themselves I guess as guardians or whatever. And when they did then they'd be- it'd be their responsibility and not ours. But right now he's our responsibility.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: And uh- when it becomes their responsibility well they have- they have systems I know it! They have systems set up so they can get a handicapped children jobs, or handicapped people jobs. [Interference comes over the phoneline again, making Bob's next sentence difficult to understand] -certain industries and certain people in town take on these people -on the basis of you know- and knowing they're handicapped and- and working with them a little bit. But see I don't know that I'm not on the in- on the know on that stuff but uh- I- I- I buck the odds if- they wanted to put him in an institution and- and lock him away all his life when he was little and I went the other way and I got him an education. And uh- I got him almost out of it he's- he's what you call high-functioning autistic he's pretty much functional [???] downtown now. He's not here.
Craig: Hmmmmm.
Bob: So uh, he's taking care of himself. He drives, he does whatever he wants.
Craig: Yeah!
Bob: But uhhh- And he could- He could be a productive citizen. And uh- he thinks just like I do. He I- I- I think I'm a free thinker and I'm always willing to try to look for a way to do something. Just because we do it one way now doesn't mean that's the best way to do it. And uh, he's- he's he thinks the same way.
Craig: Yeah.
Bob: Like if you can't get up the mountain this way you take another trail. Right?
Craig: Oh yeah totally.
Bob: Most people don't feel like that, they don't even think about that. And they just, give up, hahaha!
Craig: hahaha!
Bob: And they just stop and that's the end of it. But there's- uh I don't know I can get a kick out of alot of these professors and everything in college cause I was, I was doing things and I was doing things for them, when I was an engineer working for GE (General Electric) That they never thought of.
Craig: Yeah exactly.
Bob: And the only reason they didn't think of it was cause they were kinda blind. I- I tried to explain it to my wife one time and I think, and I've always had the knack of- of looking at a forest and seeing the tree's, rather than looking at a forest and seeing just a green blur. And I think that makes a difference. Whether that makes any sense or not.
Craig: Oh it does. It does Bob.
Bob: Well if you don't- if you don't look at things with an open mind of "hey is there a better way to do this?" I mean just because we put our right leg into our pants first each morning would it be better if we put our left leg in our pants each morning first? You know, maybe it would.
Craig: hahaha!
Bob: Nobody tries it right?
Craig: Oh yeah, yeah!
Bob: There's all kinds of- there's uh- hahaha! It's amazing what you can find out if you just alter one little thing. And you might come up with something that's completely- what was boring will be not boring.
Craig: So- so true, so true, like, it's like- engineering's opened up my eyes to a whole new way of thinking that I've never actually thought before...
[At this point (17:23 into the video) the recording ends, and there is 3 minutes of dead air, with no audio before the video ends.
Analysis
Although most of the video is just Bob talking with Craig occasionally interjecting with a "Yeah!" or a "So true" it appears that a genuine conversation was had between the two. Particularly interesting is Bob's story that Chris learnt how to read and talk through using closed captions on the television set. This may explain some of Chris's unusual CWC-isms if true.
Also of interest is Bob's approval and praise of Chris. Despite what some people believe Bob appears to have considered his son highly, and was impressed with his computer literacy and his achieving of 2 CADD degrees. Bob may have hoped that Chris would use his CADD degree to secure work as an engineer, or designer of some kind. It's possible that Chris lied to Bob regarding job applications and such, as Bob appears to be under the impression that Chris cannot find employment because employers are scared of his Autism. This contradicts the belief that Bob wanted Chris to remain unemployed to receive the monthly tugboat, and may be a new side to the story in which CWC misled his father.
v • d • e
Chris's leaked videos
2000s
For Julie's Eyes Only • Barb almost goes off • A CWC Audition • April 16 Fetish Vids • Power • CWCFlyingElephants • CWC "Boyfriend" Leaked Edition • Chris Humps His PS3 • Chris Chan creepy smile • THAT IS MY HOUSE (Director's Cut)
2010s
For J-R's Eyes Only • The MovingFoward videos • It Is Finished • Outdoors workout • You're Always Pretty • JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication • Cwcsicle • Call Bobby Chandler • Bob's got Cancer • Catch A Wild Snorlax Plus Update on Bob • Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins • Get in touch with Bobby C • Bob Call 6 • Message for John Kyle • A few kicks • Chris's Specimen Sample • Women Only Need Apply - No STD's • Tour of Chris's House III • Chris apologizes to Gwen • Chris slaps himself • Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture‎ • All Star • Chris Kisses Cryzel • Chris lost Crystal
2020s
Taser Discussion • Chris Kisses Rosechu • Chris's Last Will and Testament • Chris channels Randy Stair • Fiona Facetime Videos • Waltah White Calls
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Bob_Call_6&oldid=354176"