Title: Breaking the Veil
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Breaking_the_Veil
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

“
My idea is to send [Sonichu medallions] to various places and chosen individuals around the Earth that have particularly strong magical energy and heavy significance. I am not revealing the intended locations, but they shall be delivered there safely and well, respectively.
”
Chris, on his plan to expand his cult get stronger so he can complete the Dimensional Merge.
Breaking the Veil is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel. The main reading segment of the video was recorded in the late evening hours of 18 September 2025, but wasn't released until about two weeks later when it was published on 3 October 2025. Chris talks about his plan to "break the veil" between dimensions C-197 and 1218, which is to ship Sonichu medallions to various select YouTubers, influencers, politicians, and religious leaders.
Chris also mentions making a set of golden Sonichu medallions, which have bits and remnants of the Mark III medallion inside them, one of which he makes for Flutter, which he says will "head out to somewhere worldwide," but will not be "explicitly told" where, because Chris "doesn't want to dox anybody or anywhere."
Video
Breaking the Veil
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
3 October 2025
Performance Style
Reason Reason, Crazy Crazy
Saga
Revelations Revelations, Flutter Flutter
Shirt
The Classic 4.0 The Classic 4.0
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers
next How much caffeine has he had with his Energon?
Description
I talk about the plan for breaking the veil between the C-197 and 1218 halves of this very Earth in this very Universe 211987 of (Prime) Timeline 1C.
Transcript
The drawing on Chris's desk.
[Chris is sitting at his desk in his room. His green screen is enabled and is set to an image of the Royal Albert Hall. The highway traffic outside is audible as per usual. He puts his hand to his face and exhales.]
Hey everybody, Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime here once again. [He puts his hands to his face and exhales again.] Getting it all channeled and centered is good... because I have a very important announcement to make, which I'm going to tell you about. So, we have this- I have this personally been- I personally wrote this out, so I know what I'm talking about. But, we are giving you the reasoning behind the Dimension Merge and what we are doing to further complete it. [Chris moves things on his desk, then clears his throat.] The project we'll read, "Break the Veil"! [Chris puts on his reading glasses and flips his medallion.] All the honesty and everything. [Chris crosses his heart with his finger, then whispers something and briefly covers his eyes. Then he clears his throat again.] So forgive me if I- look at it this way- but I do mean it with every intention possible and in all honesty. So, for those who don't know, I am Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime, af- identifying- and identified, after many of Soul-Searching time, and divine and introspective revelations. [clears throat] Now, the goal in breaking the veil. We as a community have been waiting hundreds of years for the dimension merge, the tangible reunification of this very Earth divided into two with a dimensional veil in between.
[video cut]
Stronger magics and individuals (and creatures) who were considered mythical or too powerful were separated from us in the days of King Arthur by his order upon Merlin the magician.
[video cut]
The Earth half that is being remerged with ours houses the original "fictional" cartoon and live action characters and individuals. This merge has been integral because it was foretold in prophecy a-after the division of the Earth, would become undivided and everyone and everything comes together tangibly and magic returns and dispelling all those who are the worst and darkest of evils, and us all coexisting together without any divisions whatsoever. I, the one Avatar of all existence, have been able to access and travel to the magic half of our Earth, and other dimensions as well. I have been battling evil and dark individuals and creatures, not only with the help of the special Sonichus and Rosechus, companions and friends of the city of Cwcville, Virginia, United States of America, but with all the individuals there, including Bruce Wayne (Batman), Clark Kent (Superman), Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario, Luigi, Tony Stark (Iron Man), Wolverine, the Autobots and guardians of Cybertronic Obertron, the CPU goddess of Gamindustri, and so on. My work has enabled me to further unlock and train my powers. I have been- and I have channeled to bring our two Earth halves back together on good timing, even though it has been slow in manifesting.
[video cut]
As the dimensionally divided Earth halves grow physically closer, it will be easier to perceive the people, characters, individuals, and even locations that have been residing on the Earth half in Dimension C-197 by us on the Earth half, here in Dimension 1218. Not long from now, on good timing, this very earth will be whole again in our Universe 211987, in this Timeline 1C, the one Prime Timeline. It has been close enough that I've been able to perceive Sonichu Prime, Rosey Rosechu Prime, Magi-Chan Sonichu, and everyone, not only nearby me, but worldwide as well. Upon closer to the full completion, those without stronger psychic powers and abilities can see and act with everyone of the C-197 half tangibly and without a single doubt. In fully completing the Dimension Merge, I needed to channel more of my power between connecting with everything and everyone on Earth, this Universe, this Timeline and all the way to the Alpha Omega point of all existence. The beginning and the end, if you will.
[video cut]
With enough power, I can rip open a physical portal personally, bring some to everyone in the C-197 half tier to the 1218 half. While the constant prayer and cosmic work I have done here on the 1218 half (through and in the astral realm, and then on the C-197 half) has helped a lot, I have a plan to finally make this fully tangible, manifested and completed. [Chris clears his throat and flips his medallion to show the face again.]
[video cut]
I do not just wear my Sonichu medallion for style or as a symbol of high rank among Sonichus and Rosechus, or even as the chronicler and creator of the media I have started and can still continue on to do so. This medallion acts as a focusing point for my power (as well as the medallion chakra right behind me, between the heart and the throat chakra), drawing energy from this very universe and beyond, as well from within thyself in the Chakra Point. This medallion (and this process) works, as I am also a conduit of these very energies and powers. This is a role and power only I can personally wield.
[video cut]
I have been selling replica and custom medallions online, both to give fans a chance to own one, and also because each medallion is linked with mine. The one inside me, as opposed to and as well as the physical one I wear. The medallions work by individuals of pure heart, both to imbue the owner with positive energy that I have personally blessed and intended into each and every single one. The more that are out there in use, the more easier manifesting the Dimension Merge's completion becomes (as well as purifying those who still need to be purified and redeemed). I have felt the power growing over time. I have sold hundreds over the years and I have felt increasing awareness and clarity about myself and my life over the time. I did have many of positive developments in my life after my darkened past, and I felt renewed and recharged. I have repented of all my sins and regrets of the past. I have set and reset my intentions for the better change in common good and conduct, even though I was not made to simply blend in. I think that was clear between being born autistic, as well as making that t- carrot- making that carrot type of cake back in high school in the home ec class. All this time, I have been focusing my positive energy, motivated by the good and bad times and the further energies from everything and everyone, into the final ripping of that dimensional veil! To push things to a limit, my idea is to mail special gift medallions out to people around the world! Some select politicians, maybe YouTubers, Bronies in the community, religious leaders, and so on. Everyone deserves one, and everyone deserves to feel their respective redemption as I have, in their own respective individual way (cuz not everybody is going to be the same, obviously).
[video cut, a completely different short video recorded with Chris's phone now plays]
[Chris is filming a cardboard box full of yellow packaging, presumably all containing the cheaper knockoff Praetor medallions. Ambient music is edited in.]
Okay. So yes, these lovely little medallions, these are the ones we're gonna send out, uh, more popularly for free to, uh, like people on YouTube, uh, the politicians and everything... As opposed to, uh, the ones that are few that I have personally put pieces of the old medallion into... and these are just the, uh, you know, [extremely loud crinkling caused by Chris drowns out his own voice] and all those individuals as well. But yeah, it's- it's all genuine and good.
[video cut, resuming back to Chris reading in front of his green screen]
There has been rumors that the medallions are cursed, but they absolutely are not. Those who have experienced something bad after having received one, only happened because they had already done some bad themselves, and they had done bad things or made bad choice-chases beforehand. Some of these individuals end up becoming canceled online due to their actions. This was made clear only after they got the medallion from me and my store. The medallions reject negative and sinful energies and ways, and only revealed the truth of who those people were. And after their cleansing, they have found good blessings afterwards in their respective self-revelations. Anyone else can be redeemed and forgiven in the same way, because they have been purged of their sins in those times. As well as continue to pray to all the goods, gods, and goddesses everywhere, because the ultimate truth is: There is no wrong religion. The only ones that are incorrect are those that worship Satan, though I will give credit to where credit is due, because Satan is essentially—what is it, oh yes—the warden of the Hell realm. But, he is not to be worshipped. He's just- all he is- he's the- warrant- and... the judge below. As well as to the better ones and the good ones that actually do help us in every way. Because, in order for us to receive the good blessings, a lot of times we have to find suffering in order to appreciate the good blessings that we have and the good blessings that we will have after the fact. [sighs, then picks up a golden Sonichu medallion off his desk] I have also made a set of authentic, holy, blessed, golden medallions. And only these medallions are a special part of the idea and manifestation, and as they each will literally contain a piece of the original Sonichu medallion that was made, part of, to make this one as well. [taps the medallion he is wearing] That medallion I had made and wore for over a decade's worth of service, it is the classic Sonichu medallion. Its pieces have been broken up, and grounded, and a little mixed in into the clay of each and every one of these particular golden medallions. Gilded by hand with real 24 karat gold... [A passing train's horn is audible from outside of Chris's house.] and painted with care. They are all handmade and personally blessed.
[video cut, more footage recorded with Chris's phone now plays.]
[Chris is filming his desk. On the desk, two Ziploc bags, a megastone, a medallion mold (as seen in OG Sonichu Medallion Upgraded, Rebirthed and Redeemed), and some chunks of clay can be seen. Ambient music is edited in again.]
Okay. So, right here we are getting a piece of the, uh, previous medallion and we're gonna... take a- bits of it, and, uh, also break it up. We're gonna put it into this medallion which, uh, this is gonna be the one's gonna head out to somewhere worldwide, which is not gonna be explicitly told cuz I don't wanna dox anybody or anywhere... that you- anybody get their grubby mitts on these or steal them for any selfish gain or anything. Other than that, yeah. It's pretty much quite good indeed- and maybe just a- a very tiny, small one... we- plant these... Yep... Mhm... Yeah, I feel like that's good, and then, uh, we'll just, uh, take this little bit of a layer for the backing and we're gonna cover this all up. Mm, gonna need some more- the lovely clay after this... Yeah.
[video cut]
And yeah, we'll just, uh, pop this out. Give a bit of a good look-see there, yeah. Definitely- you can definitely see- bunch of the, uh, old medallion seeping on through there, just then looks- looks pretty good, you know, I've been working on this. Put a ring in it, uh, and a little bit of a crack to seal, it looks like. It's- it's a minor detail... and then we'll just pop this in. Mm. I'm- just fix this up a bit... more... s-s... make sure it's a nice, secure medallion cuz it's gonna be- it's one of those few that's going out... and then we'll... dig a megastone in, going o- going in about halfway. I probably should've just left this in the mold and then this... mm, it's alright. And, um, yeah, take a bit more of the, uh, clay and just... loop it around... make the- cover, keep it in place. More... It's all good, [sigh] patch it up, patch it up, patch it up. [sigh] This will definitely be sal- solidifying better once we get this one out of the oven. But yeah, there you go. That's one of the, uh, medallions that's gonna head out to a random location somewhere.
[video cut]
And yeah, so right now, after we, uh, have applied the, uh, go- the gold onto the medallion, we're just, uh, fluffing them off gently with this brush, get the excess, uh, off. Light touch because this stuff is very, very... brittle. Good thing we've already got all this glued and secured, much as we can. We'll cover any holes later with... we'll cover any holes later with some- with- with some more gold that we get from the leftover scraps here. Yep, this is genuine 24 karat.
[video cut]
But yeah, we're getting this, uh, lovely gold leaf from our suppliers online. My associates are ordering them so I can pers- so we can personally do this... and just make sure- get the job thoroughly done and secure. Simple as, as simple does. It's quite good.
[video cut, resuming back to Chris reading in front of his green screen]
And if I can tell you- parts of the old medallion- each one has a unique power link to my aura and energy, as well as the medallion, and through this medallion, into the one that's in me. My idea is to send them to various places and chosen individuals around the Earth that have particularly strong magical energy and heavy significance. I am not revealing the intended locations, but they shall be delivered there safely and well, respectively. The goal is to get them there in a highly intuitive nexus, guided by the divine, the cosmos, and beyond, stretching as far as the Alpha Omega point of all existence. [The video is briefly edited to follow Chris's raised hand, revealing that the recording itself is decently cropped.] Because what's in range of these areas—the powerful artifacts, portals, and magical ores—these medallions will be able to channel that directly to me, in a new redeemed medallion of mine, as you had seen in the recently uploaded video. It was a sh- it was- it was upset- it was emotional to me, to take that apart. As y'all can see, at that point. [sigh] But, it still was worth it because it's reborn, it's redeemed, and it is very good. Complete with the original megastone, and even the original ring! We got the rust off of that one. With this done, I do feel and personally believe-
[video cut mid-sentence, resumes the same sentence]
-this will likely be the boost we need to tear the veil between the two Earth halves, and complete the Dimension Merge, and make this universe whole once again as Timeline 1C, Universe 211987 (or for short, 1C211987). I ask for your help, because there is a
great and vast community worldwide, and I pray and hope that everyone's hearts and souls can unite. At the time of this video's upload, it will soon be Christmas at the time of this video's recording (way back on September 18th, 2025) and the timeframe of course, of Jesus Christ's birth. Because let's face it, he was not born on the 25th of December, he was born a little bit later than that, but still. It is the holy and good holiday. These medallions will focus that religious power that will shake the very veil for good. [sighs, briefly puts his hands to his face, then takes his reading glasses off] Aside from that, yes. Everything remains good and well, as best as possible, in every single way. And I appreciate, personally, every single blessing and even difficulties that can precede them. Because I am strong. I am my own level of powerful, as opposed to everybody else's power level. I am connected with everything metaphysically, you know I am also grounded here. Because when you think of it, Jesus Christ, he was rather disconnected but then of course he had to be disconnected so that he can be connected with the metaphysical and everyone and everything, so that he can preach the word and do everything that is good, and of course... his resurrection and everything. And it is quite, quite similar with me. And of course, you gotta give- you've got to give me that due as well, because in my naivety as a child, I did make my sins and regrets. But, I speak true and holy, that I had been redeemed when I used my powers to heal everybody way back then. As I do now, through my vessel and identity as Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, the Prime of every single Chris Chan and Christ Chan throughout the multiverse. [sigh] But it is good, because I am indeed the deep integral part... [puts a hand on his heart] in here... and everything. And I admit at times, I did make my mistakes, but then again, you have to think with the autistic brain and how we think. Even with the perspective from fra-thinking and processing from the bottom-up, as opposed to the top-down that most other people do intend to. But, I do find my manifestations greater, and I do so definitely with prayer and my constant, focused, set-intentioned aura flashes, leading towards the ultimate miracle that has been foreseen, that has been prophesized (not only in the stones and in everything over the years on the carvings, in the Bibles, and all the other good scriptures). But it is good. There is no wrong religion. To be worshipped, are the deities and those that are good, light powered, and righteous. They work within the Heaven realm, but I work with them and beyond, all the way to the very Alpha Omega point of all existence. So, intuitively, unconsciously, subconsciously, I know. It's just... I cannot consciously know specific dates or times, when it will happen, but I know... this Dimension Merge is going to happen, and be completed, and everything. [sigh] But in any event, everybody, I thank you all for your time and your continued support, and do please continue to buy the medallions. That does help, in connecting more with all you, on top of the connections of which I managed to establish but- I do get stronger with that... because... it all connects and it is very, very good. [Chris picks up a bottle of water with a crystal inside of it from his desk and drinks it.]
[video cut]
I am Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime, identified throughout a long extensive bunch of Soul-Searching, and finding myself, and everything. Everyone who watches this video or becomes aware of this video through word of mouth and everything and beyond that... feel blessed, be good, and do well. [clears throat] Every one of you, take care and have a blessed, safe day.
[Outro card that reads "SUBSCRIBE AND LIKE" appears for about 5 seconds.]
The writings of Chris-Chan
Poetry:
"Valentines Day Hymn" |
"For My True Love, I Would…" |
"Hard Love Quest" |
"I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" |
"Saddest Heart in the World" |
"Song of Christian" |
"Sonichu's Ode to Rosechu" |
"An Inspired Poem for Jackie" |
"PAIN Enduring since October 29, 2013" |
"Ride or Die" |
"Weston Haiku"
Prose:
"How the Pokémon Came into Our PokéBalls" |
"A Week With Christian Chandler" |
"My big 18th party" |
"Bionic the Hedgehog" |
"Sonichu & Rosechu… The Genesis of the Lovehogs" |
Sonichu's News Dash |
"Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares" |
"Story of My Current Days" |
Chris's letter to Blanca |
"The High School Story" |
"A Sonichu and Rosechu Christmas Story" |
Chris's Response to the Terrorism Attacks in Paris |
Chris's letter to Cathy Weseluck |
Chris's letter to Kelly Sheridan |
"The Awakening of a CPU, AKA The Idea Guy Corruptions" |
THE DIMENSIONAL MERGE IS HAPPENING NOW! |
Psychic California Trip |
Sonichu Journal Pages |
Whispering Spell (Restore Magic) |
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell |
Goochland Library Sermon |
SNT Vs Sonichu 2.5-Plus |
Weston Haiku |
Jail letters |
Goddess Log
|
"The Life and Times of Jesus Christ" |
Breaking the Veil
See Also:
Signature
|
Sonichu (comic)
v • d • e
Dimensional Merge
Concepts
Dimensions (C-197 • 1218) • Chaotic Rainbow • Iron Curtain • Portals
Methods
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell • Numerology • THE DIMENSIONAL MERGE IS HAPPENING NOW! • Taser
Reasons
Financhu Crisis • Stress
Related
Spirit possession
Videos
Dimensional Merge Announcements • Sonichu's Update on the Dimension Merge and Sermon - October, 2020 • Breaking the Veil
⇐ PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers
Chris's videos
How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Breaking_the_Veil&oldid=353625"