Title: Chaos Crystal Control
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Chaos_Crystal_Control
Categories: Category, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Chaos Crystal Control is an installment of the Sonichu series first unveiled in October 2023. It is split into multiple acts,[1] with Act 4 releasing first.
The plot appears to be a nonsensical story about the main team (consisting of several Sonichu and My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic characters, as well as several TF2 Analysts, including Lightning Bliss and DRWolf, and, somehow, the Christuber GiBi) time travelling to 2006 and, later, Dimension N-641, in order to defeat their evil counterparts...or something. Nobody except Chris has yet been brave enough to sit through the whole thing.
Contents
1 Act 4
1.1 Livestream
1.2 OfficialCWCmart listing
2 Acts 0 and 1
2.1 JCWCSP Dramatic Reading - Chaos Crystal Control Act 0
2.1.1 Transcript
3 References
Act 4
Livestream
Main article: October 2023 livestreams#Reading Chaos Crystal Control Act 4
On October 2023, Chris held a livestream reading out Chaos Crystal Control Act 4.
OfficialCWCmart listing
Artwork and descriptions for Act 4 were posted to OfficialCWCmart in November 2023.
Listed: 16 November 2023
Price: $200 each[2][3][4][5]
The first in a five part drawing series illustrating act four of "Chaos Crystal Control," by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler.
The drawing is done on letter paper and is hand lined/colored. The following description by CWC relates the story.
"Matching Excerpt from the story: (Lightning Bliss had inadvertently traveled back in time and felt lost, so she started crying)
Fortunately, Sonichu and Rosey were on that freeway, and they hear Lightning Bliss' wail. It was soo harsh, they had to pull over into the nearvy field. "That Sound!", Sonichu shouts, "It's soo Loud!" Rosey attempts to look around as the noise dies down, and she spots the crying alicorn. "Over there, Sonichu," Rosey points, "I sense she needs help." Sonichu nods; they approach her. Within nanoseconds, Sonichu remembers, "A Pegasus with a Unicorn horn... The Alicorn you'll meet, do not call her cute, short or little." Rosey speaks to the alicorn, "Hey. Are you okay?" Lightning speaks as she turns and looks up to them, *sob* "No. I'm not okay. I don't know where I am. My channel is Empty, and I can't go back home!" Sonichu whispers to Rosey, "Do not call her cute, short or little." Rosey nods. "She must be from the future. "Miss, are you from the future year?", Rosey asks her. "Future Year?", Lightning asks. "You are near New York on Earth on the morning of February 27, 2006." Sonichu nods. "Wait," Lightning asks, "Did you say 2006?" Rosey nods. "Oh, No! HOW did I go Back in Time?!", Lightning asks in shock. "It's happening a lot, lately", Sonichu tells the alicorn, "It's part of the Dimension Merge of the two Earth halves, making a long story short. Anyway, I'm Sonichu8, and this is Rosey." "You can come with us. We're going to get a Chaos Crystal Ball that will help us, and Christian clear the worst of the mess", Rosey tells her as she reaches into her bag for the roll of toilet paper. Sonichu gets a sealed new bottle of Dasani water from his bag. They offer the water and tissues to Lightning. She levitates the items, unscrews the bottle cap, drinks some water, puts the cap back on, then rips off some tissues from the roll to wipe her tears and blows her nowe. After a moment, Lightning Bliss calms down and begins to clear her head, "Thanks. I'm Lightning Bliss, by the way." "Good to meet you, Lightning", Sonichu says. "I like that name", Rosey says, "It resonates power and calm in a storm." Lightning smiles and laughs, "Thanks."
-Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime
The second in a five part drawing series illustrating act four of "Chaos Crystal Control," by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler.
The drawing is done on letter paper and is hand lined/colored. The following description by CWC relates the story.
"Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning enter New York City and start for the Purple Chaos Crystal Ball. The three of them traverse the streets, building walls, platforms and rooftops. Lightning was able to help as the Flyer of the group. They take down Decepticon Micromasters and Laserbeak and Ravage clones, along with a few Team Rocket Grunts and Leaders, robots from Eggmand and G.U.N. and even, oddly enough, these levitating Dark Type regular Sonichus from another universe. During this run, the misplaced YouTuber, GiBi, was wandering the streets when he spots Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning downing the alternate-universe Sonichus dashing on by. Grinding rails, collecting Rings, and using Homing Attacks, Thunderbolts and Rainbow Beams to down the baddies."
-Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime
The third in a five part drawing series illustrating act four of "Chaos Crystal Control," by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler.
The drawing is done on letter paper and is hand lined/colored. The following description by CWC relates the story.
Chaos Crystal Control, Act 4:
"Teleporting in to join Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning after the battle with the ravaged alternate-universe Magi-Chan, as Sonichu and Rosey oberserve with surprise, Lady Magi'c Sonichu (Timeline 1C-s Genderbent Universe) and Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu (Timeline 4D). Sonichu Prime focuses on Magi'c and asks, "Magi-Chan? Is that you?" G.E. and Magi'c open telepathic communications, bringin both Primes, Lightning Bliss, Sonica, Tailsuko, Sonicha and Rossen into a moment around them frozen in a single tetraseond of time; Everything around them was frozen in toime to them. Magi'c responds to Sonichu, " I am Magi-Chan Sonichu, yet I am not Magi-Chan Sonichu, the one of your Prime Universe in our Prime Timeline, 1C, not counting Grand Elder Magi-Chan of Timeline 4D and the Council of Chris(t) Chan (Sonichu)s." G.E. waves and says, "Hello, everyone", with his Third Eye open. Magi'c resumes, "I am Lady Magi'c Sonichu, and I introduce," they each wave and say "Hey" as they are called, "Sonicha Sonichu the First and Rossen Rosechu the First; they are the First Sonichu and Rosechu of our Universe. And that's Sonica the Hedgehog and Milena Tailsuko Prower. We herald from an alternate universe in this timeline that some would call 'Genderbent'. We will explain more in depth later in Cwcville. But right now, between us, you and the countless number of Chris Chans and Christ Chans, including your Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime, and Magi-Chan Sonichu, including yours, we are all working together throughout time between the years 2006 and 2022 to expunge the Evil variants attempting to corrupt our Timeline's Prime Universe, 211987, and both the recombining Earth halves in the Dimension Merge. The Sonichu who took the Chaos Emerald, and the former Magi-Chan that has been exiled from all existance, herald from the Lost Timeline, N-641's central universe where the Earth, there, is Lost due to that which had corrupted the Magi-Chan and Chris Chan, there, by Timeline 1C's Universe 211987's 'Opuscon789' in relocating SNT from 1c-211987's Earth to N-641211987's Earth, along with others, all of which were returned to 1C-211987's Earth. N-641 Sonichu has gone AWOL with his own want for revenge agains Opuscon And SNT by destroying this Earth. He must be stopped, Now.
And Personal Note: I accidentally forgot to draw Tailsuko into the group, so she's just outside of the group. I'm sorry about that."
-Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime
The fourth in a five part drawing series illustrating act four of "Chaos Crystal Control," by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler.
The drawing is done on letter paper and is hand lined/colored. The following description by CWC relates the story.
"Chaos Crystal Control:
Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning continue down the trail until when they end up at Central Park, where the jet lands, and transforms into a headless robot, quickly remedied as N-641 Sonichu runs out, grabbing two ends of a cut phone line and getting a Massive Re-Recharge. "Hey! People and Pok'emong are Paying for that!", shouts Rosey Rosechu Prime. Then N-641 Sonichu Chaos Control teleports to the neck hole of the transector body, slam-dunking the Chaos Emerald into it and turning himself and his body into a Sonichu face and head-shaped headmaster. The Emerald in the robot chest laid in the center, right behind a Decepticon symbol.
Within seconds, Rosey's Cyan Chaos Crystal Ball glows strongest towards the direction of the nearby Crystal Connections rock and gem store. Sonichu sees the Purple C.C.B. in the window of the store. "Well, I Really hate breaking and entering...", Sonichu starts, then he had no choice in the situation, so he runs in the open door of the store and grabs the Purple C.C.B., then runs back out with Stan Bush's "The Touch" playing in the background. "Yeah! That's a real Jam!", Lightning Bliss says.
As N-641 Tron uses Chaos Control to increase the robot's physical speed, Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning Really had to step up their "A"-Game.
(Skipping ahead)
Sonichu saw an opportunity as N-641 Tron was waning with increasing damage upon the chest. "Well", Sonichu Prime thought, "If he can do that with Double Team..." In mid-air, Sonichu focused and used Chaos Control with Double Team, but with a twist, for with Sonichu Prime in the Core, his clones gathered around him and they combined to form a matching size Sonichu equal to N-641 Tron. N-641 Sonichu saw and thought, "No You Dont!", as he shoots a laser beam from his red eyes at the oversized Sonichu Prime, but to no avail with a shield from the Chaos Crystal Ball.
Review: a Chaos Emerald = 1/8 Power Level of a Master Emerald; about 12.5%. And a Chaos Crystal Ball =15% Power Level of a Master Emerald. So...
"Time for I to Light our Darkest Hour", Sonichu Prime says aloud as he Massively Mach Punches the Decepticon symbol on the transector's chest, smashing through. The original Chaos Emerald is forced out the back of the robot, and Rouge swoops in, snags it, then flies away."
-Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime
On 6 November 2024, the fifth and final piece would be listed on OfficialCWCmart.
The finale in a five part drawing series illustrating act four of "Chaos Crystal Control," by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler.
The drawing is done on letter paper and is hand lined/colored. The following description by CWC relates the story.
"Excerpt from “Chaos Crystal Control” Act 4 for fifth drawing.
With N-641 Sonichu (the First) no longer Mega Evolved, (Mega) Sonichu Prime levitates down to him, with Rosey Rosechu Prime and Lightning Bliss running to back Prime up, in a wrecking ball size crater’s center. As Sonichu Prime looks down disappointedly at a sign who is Darkest Sinning and refuses to repent. N-641 Sonichu looks up to see the Holy Light Power Aura of Sonichu Prime that makes him see and cry. “I see now,” N-641 Sonichu says to Sonichu Prime, with Rosey and Lightning as witnesses, “I… used to have such a good aura and energy around my Chris Chan. Then my Universe’s Gods looked Down upon her and revoked her powers, because she was lost and misguided by Opuscon789’s influence. Your Chris Chan (Prime) was not really a model my Chris Chan followed, because Chris Chan Prime’s intentions were grossly misunderstood by those like Opuscon. Prime, your Chris Chan on the 1218 Half IS God. My Chris Chan couldn’t be God, because she let herself fall. And I followed suit, thus I failed. Sonichu Prime, when you meet SNT and Courtney, please… tell them I’m sorry for thinking wrongly of them.” Sonichu Prime slips out from his Mega Evolved form back to his normal self as N-641 Sonichu weakly raises his right hand for forgiveness. Of his volition, Sonichu Prime smiles, grabs N-641 Sonichu’s hand, and both Sonichu Prime and I tell N-641 Sonichu together, “Thy Will Be Done. I forgive you, First Sonichu of the N-641211987 Universe.” “Thank you, Prime,” N-641 Sonichu replies, “(My) Chris Chan, I’m returning to you….” S-641 Sonichu breathes his last breath, then is turned into ashes and blown away by the wind, upward. Sonichu Prime looks upward as the ashes fly away, the sky clears with the renewed sunshine glowing down upon Sonichu, Rosey and Lightning, and the other heroes and the rest of New York City.
Sonichu Prime sheds tears for the lost self-counterpart of his."
-Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime
Acts 0 and 1
The fact that it somehow got nearly 1/5th of the votes is beyond anyone's comprehension.
On 26 February 2024, Chris revealed the existence of at least two more acts of Chaos Crystal Control via a poll on Twitter. Chris read one on video over a year later.
JCWCSP Dramatic Reading - Chaos Crystal Control Act 0
On 14 March 2025, Chris published a YouTube video in which he reads out Chaos Crystal Control Act 0.
JCWCSP Dramatic Reading - Chaos Crystal Control Act 0
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
14 March 2025
Subject Matter
Comics Comics
Performance Style
Reason Reason
Saga
Revelations Revelations, Praetor Praetor
Shirt
The Classic 4.0 The Classic 4.0
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punislav the First
next Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Run
Transcript
Hey, everybody. Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime here once again. And today we are doing something special for a little precursor to the live stream that'll be coming up later.
I'm going to read for y'all at Zero of Chaos Crystal Control. These events that happened back in 2006 on the C-197 half of the Earth, and also breaking into the 1218 half of the Earth. Around that time, and during the present moments as we speak right now. But anyway, I'll just uh, start from the top and, uh, a little bit one little part I'll leave out for the moment. But anyway, so just Chaos Crystal Control at Zero.
I, Christian and Crystalina 24th birthday. The obvious next thing that comes to my mind after I merely watch is Valentine's Day attack is spiritual Love Day, which is also known as Mine Christian, Crystalina, and even Nightstar Sonichu's 24th birthday on February 24th, 2006, which was a Friday. Initially, there's not mentioned to not much to mention of it other than Magi-chan Sonichu Prime and the others once again research half of the food court at the CWCville Shopping Mall and invite all of Chris's friends, including Saramaba Rosechu, her husband, Neejack Sonichu, and all the other friends anyway. And that this was the first celebration with both Chris and Crystal, AKA Crystalina, being honored there on the C-197 half of our earth.
Liquid Chu, also known as Liquid Chris Sonichu, he got word of the 2006 birthday party and suggested to Naitsirhc, Giovanni, and Team Rocket leaders, they make an attempt at the party bringing their psychic Pokémon as defense against the Psychic Squadron. Even Liquid Chu attempted to reel in the psychic squadron members through his dark void with a couple of Darkrai assisting him, but since Liquid Chu's failed attempts the previous December, all psychic squadron members and Pokémon were warned and for-knowingly aware of Liquid Chu's making future attempts. Even the rank ones and twos were able to sense and recognize during the manifestations of these dark voids and either teleported away, took an alternate route, dodged or jumped over and around the dark voids as they happened. That February 24th was among the epic fail days for Liquid Chris Sonichu.
And any and all Team Rocket members including Naitsirhc who approached CWCville or the mall at all that day were instantly teleported back to base by a rank four psychic squadron Sonichu and or Rosechu, or even an Alakazam. Not even their choppers and mechs made beyond the city limits. And all online haters and fakers attempting to do anything in person that day were also suddenly teleported back home before they could do anything at all. Even Sonic the Hedgehog and Miles Tails Power have returned for more work from Tails CWCville Lab in mid January 2006 and made it to enjoy the celebration and party.
And Chris and Christina blew out all the candles together and witness everyone including Night Star Sonichu. Chris and Christina noticed an aura glowing greeting card in an envelope on the gift table. Sonichu, Rosie, and Magi-chan with Sonic and Tails not far behind were closest to witness Chris and Crys-Crystal opening and reading the card. The envelope had read, "Happy Birthday to us." The front of the card had glittery images of balloons, cake, cone hats, and confetti with the words, "A very blessed birthday to you." Chris opened the card and found three Secret Shipfic Folder Cards inside a plastic sleeve that fits the birthday card. The cards were those of Chris Chan Sonichu, Crystalina Rosechu, and the Chaos Emerald Inclusive Promo Card of I in my CPU god Sonichu Blue Heart form. I have personally written in the birthday card. "I have faith both of you are having a happy and safe birthday as I am in 2006, if not better. I continue to bless you both Chris and Crystalina, along with everyone else. Be safe and well with lots of love and blessings. Signed by me Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime."
Sonic and Tails were curious after hearing Chris reading that aloud. Tails mentioned to Sonic and Sonichu when he had read the news article of I personally walking amongst them physically. Sonic then had an intuition to look up as near the ceiling above him, an orange glow of light shone, and an orange sphere fell. Sonic caught it in his hand. It was an orange, it was the orange chaos crystal ball. As opposed being [unintelligible] also known as Chaos S-Chu Ball anyway they call chaos crystal balls anyway. Hmm, Chaos Emeralds and Zap Buds aside. The untold story of Soleanna, Italy and Princess Elise shall bring an event experienced by I and Magi-Chan Prime before. It shall be Sonic's turn to enjoy the fruit and usher in the first half's completion of the dimension merge. Look forward to this. Oh wait, I feel like I skipped a part. Oh, I did skip a part. I'm sorry. It was the orange Orange Tails asked, and then Tails hears a crumple as he steps on a sheet of paper. Tails picks it up and reads aloud. Sonic, Tails, hold on to this Chaos Crystal Ball. Chaos Emeralds and Zap Bud's aside. The untold story of Soleanna, Italy and Princess Elise shall bring an event experienced by I and Magi-Chan Prime before. It shall be Sonic's turn to enjoy the fruit and usher in the first half's completion of the dimension merge. Look forward to December 16 years after 2006 for the beginning of the second half. Be safe and well both of you and everyone with lots of blessings and love. Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime, And signed December 3rd, 2022.
The following day on Saturday, February 25th, 2006, in his lab in CWCville, Tails analyzes the uh Orange Chaos Crystal Ball and confirmed it to be genuine and energized. With regard to the note, Tails also looked up the city of Soleanna, Italy and learned of the Flames of Solaris that take place year later in 2006. Magi-chan had personally helped in confirming both the birthday card and the note were sent from the future on February 3rd, 2022. Sonic, Sonichu and Rosey talked about this and other experiences they had when they met me in person and the miracles and manifestations I brought up.
Sonic starts in his response. "Well, frankly, this doesn't surprise me at all. I've seen it and experienced even crazier things, including meeting my future self's, visiting other alternate universes and dimensions, the scars- scars left on me, and the visions from the Emeralds and Special Stages are nothing to ignore either."
Sonichu tells Sonic. "Well, at least we're on the same page on this. It's a Chris- it's as Chris, Christine, and even Magi-chan said. We foreknow it, that we wait for the confirmation."
"And what a confirmation," Rosie quips. "Sending us those cards and that note from the future is at such a critical moment of time."
"You're right, Rosey," Sonichu replies. "And on the day that three Chris turned 24 on the 24th, too."
"Makes me think of the Three Wise Men," Rosie says. [Chris mumbles "Put that down."]
"Sonic!" Tails says as he rushes in. "I confirmed the Crystal Ball is genuine and the celebration of the Flames of Solaris is also par with it. There are legends that state the flames have power to potentially reek havoc on the world and the Princess is supposed to be linked with the flame. There are also images of Elise with what could be a Chaos Emerald on her necklace. Still, there's much more to uncover."
"No doubt, lil buddy," Sonic says. Sonichu and Rosie nod. Tails continues, "We got months before the date of the celebration. I've no doubt either that Eggman may be ploting something as well."
"Right," Sonic says. Sonichu paces a bit. "Unfortunately, our place at that time will be here in CWCville. Otherwise, Rosie and I would join you on that trip." "There will be other times," Rosie tells Sonichu.
Magi-chan teleports in and says, "Meanwhile, Sonic and Tails." Sonic and the group turn to listen to Magi-chan. "I have double-checked my visons with the other psychics. The Chaos Crystal Ball shall ultimately benefit you, Sonic, when the moment arises. Solar Maximus typically occurs every set 11 years, but a similar event must be retconned and prevented by you. Keep Elise safe as best as you are able to. Do not let her shed even one tear. The world and events are counting on that." Magi-chan turns to Sonic and Rosie, "Sonic, Rosie, the other Special Sonichus and Rosechus and I are meeting at Angelica's Church in the Fellowship Hall. Chris and Christina are not joining us for this discussion. We need you both there now, please."
"Sure, sure, Magichan. We'll see you later, Sonic and Tails."
"See you both later," Rosie says. Sonic nods. Magichan teleports himself, Sonic and Rosie to the church. The three of them teleport to the entrance into the Fellowship Hall of Angelica's Church. In a large hall, they find Angelica Rosechu, Wild Sonichu, Punchy Sonichu, Bubbles Rosechu, Neejack Sonichu, Saramba Rosechu, Inuyasha Sonichu, Jamsta, Lolisa, Perceptor, Nightstar, and a lot of the other local Special Sonichus and Rosechus, including some you'll recognize from the OCs Expansion Pack for Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder Collectible Card Game. Sonichu and Rosie enter and take a couple of free seats by Bubbles and Angelica and Wild and Punchy.
Rosie enters- [Chris mumbles "Uh wait a minute."]
Magi-chan teleports to the far end of the hall and calls out loud for, "Silence! Silence!" Everyone stops talking and turns to Magi-chan as he speaks. "I have Summoned you all here today for of serious and confirmed details. As some of you are aware, yesterday during Chris's birthday party, Sonic and Tails received the eighth Chaos Crystal Ball and a note from Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime in the future. A few of you have already met her in person over the past year. These premonitions were also noted from time to time in Christian's Sonichu Graphic Novels. These number of her personal arrivals, visits, and manifestation are a great number of confirmations to I and the Psychic Squadrons. What these symbolize during our time in 2006 at present, and within the year's remainder is the reunion of our segregated Earth halves in progress. This Earth was whole up until 1389 AD by Merlin the Magician and two other sorcerers under orders of King Arthur of England when the Earth was divided, separating greater magic and power from those who feared them greatly from our universe 1C211987. They've been living on their half on the 1218 half, and we on the C-197 half. Our half of the Earth has been leaving the C-197 dimension and returning to the full 1C211987 Universe since the 1990s with the continued use of Chaos Emeralds and other magic gems and stones and has been manifesting this on divine timing. What this means to us is that we are completing this shift later in 2006. We shall survive. On the confirmed foreknown detail, the half in dimension 1218 or the 1218 half, it will also be coming out into the whole universe some years from now, and everything and everyone above the 1218 and C-197 halves of our Earth shall be undivided and together coexisting and tangible. What's happening right now in our time is the halfway point of what shall become known as the Dimension Merge."
"Christ Chan Prime is indeed the one Avatar of all existence. Jesus Christ reincarnated, and God guides it's direct connections. She's working in her time in the future on the second half of the Dimension Merge. She personally interacts with us now to let us know. But every Sonichu, Rosechu, and individual here, this information is strictly confined to only those directly prevalent, which includes all of us here in this room. I have sent Chris and Christina to locate the seven Chaos Crystal Balls. We may find one or two of them locally not long from now. All of you, do not fret or fear. For we all and Christ Chan Prime herself, past, present, and future, continue to work together to keep everyone safe, alive, well, and alleviate the chaos and turmoil."
In that moment, a thunderous boom is heard from outside. Sister Martha runs in to alert the Sonichus and Rosechus. "Everyone! A large hole has opened in the skies in the east!" Magi-chan encourages everyone to remain calm. Sonichu, Rosechu, and the Chaotic Combo head outside first for a look. Miles to the east from the church, a large rift looms in the sky above with edges of blue and purple glowing light, showing similar skies as that on the C-197 half of the Earth. Angelica instinctively flies up towards it for a better look. Magi-chan levitates himself and flies to her. They stop about a couple of miles or so from the rifted portal and witness an airline jet fly within the field of the rift from North to South, appearing from the North edge and disappearing into the South edge. Various birds fly through the rift on both sides and survive from one side through the rift and into the other.
"What is this?" Angelica asks. Magi-chan responds, "This is a tear the failed and divide between our Earth half and the other Earth in the universe 1C211987. In right time a part of our a our completion of the merge, these rifts and tears around the Earth shall disappear for the veil shall be no more. Look out Angelica!" As the westbound jet flies through the rift, Magi-chan grabs Angelica's arms and teleports her well above the jet as it flies into the air of C-197 Earth half and across the Atlantic. "That shall be sorted out by the time of the first of the festival in Solana as well," Magichan tells her. "Do not go through the rifts, Evangelica. You remain required here."
Angelica replies, "There's not much we can do at present. I appreciate this as godly action to keep faith and our survival in order to be restored soon. [In Magi-chan voice] "Quite right, consider this, though, when this happens on the 1218 half of our Earth, Christ Chan Sonichu Prime and everyone else there, they shall be able to see and interact with us as easily as that jet flying over the Atlantic Ocean right now. So shall be as early as 2022, and if not then, a little while later. Just as the prophecies have foretold as well."
And then Magi-chan and Angelica fly back to the church in CWCville and land among everyone there.
End of Chaos Crystal Control at Zero. Rank SS. Sonic Startle. Alright, well, that's it for now, so that's just uh this little thing that will proceed the live stream we'll be doing in a little while. See y'all later.
References
↑ February 2024 social media posts#Stream Poll
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/1612738559/sonichu-prime-rosey-rosechu-prime-meet
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/1612739837/a-little-bit-of-big-apple-zone-chaos
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/1598575266/a-tetrasecond-talk-at-times-square-chaos
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/1598577154/sonichu-prime-clash-with-n-641s-first
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chaos_Crystal_Control&oldid=353691"