Title: Children of Kefentse
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Children_of_Kefentse
Categories: Category, Discord servers
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• More chats
Children of Kefentse is a Discord server for discussion of Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder.
Contents
1 Chris's chats
1.1 Intro
1.2 Night Star Custom Card
1.3 Offering Sonichu Books
1.4 Gameplay Question
1.5 Printing Question
1.6 Distribution Planning
1.7 New Cards
1.8 Asking N_A_Larson's Input on Card
1.9 Card Terminology
1.10 Body Swapping Comparison
1.11 Asking Input on Simplifying Text
1.12 Reply to Input
1.13 Asking Feedback
1.14 Lots of Cards
1.15 Start Cards
1.16 Start Card Mechanics
1.17 Asking for Suggestions on Card Info
1.18 YouTube Video
1.19 Misplay
1.20 Project with Magi-Chan
1.21 Expansion Rules
1.22 Expansions Idea
1.23 Card Sleeves
1.24 Collection
1.25 Possible MLP Cons
1.26 Start Card's Text
1.27 Power Text Recommendation
1.28 Selfie
1.29 Not G4's Final Season
1.30 Completed Sonichu Deck
1.31 TSSSF Collection
2 Gallery
3 References
Chris's chats
Only Chris's side of the conversation was archived in most chats.
Intro
6 August 2019
Just wanted to make a post on here: I am liking TSSF so far, and I will happily be contributing with the online template with myself and my Unicorn Counterpart and OC, Nightstar, along with my other pony OCs. Even some themed simple SHIP cards featuring Sonichu and Rosechu. Gonna make this game Zappin' Percent Cooler.😊
Night Star Custom Card
12 August 2019
Hey, y'all. This is Christine. I am just gettin into the Shipfic game, with ideas for my own expansion for the game, Sonichu-Themed, along with my other MLP OCs as well. For now, I just designed, for starters, a Start card with my Equestrian Self-Counterpart, Nightstar Sonichu.
Offering Sonichu Books
16 August 2019
There will be another two cards of Nightstar in the mix, plus "Sonichu" 12-9, which talks about Nightstar, is available directly from us. We are talking with Traveling Artist Stable in distributions at conventions at the moment. Feel free to direct message me if you'd like a copy of the book, or even the whole set of "Sonichu" Books; there are more than 14 books in the set at this time. Working on book 15. I'm have them printed through Lulu, but keeping the links on the hush-hush. Damn Haters and Bullies.
Anyhow, I've made four more cards for the Expansion.
Gameplay Question
16 August 2019
Hey, I just wanted to get the details: what is the situation on the Timeline (or Post-Apocalyptic) stamp on some of the cards? How does it affect the gameplay? Or is it just a descriptive mark on those cards?
Printing Question
17 August 2019
Ah, yes, I gave a contact card in that same interest as well. When will the cards be printed, @N_A_Larson?
Distribution Planning
17 August 2019
Ah. After the cards have been designed, there will be two full expansions: one set featuring the Sonichus and Rosechus, and the other with our MLP OCs, counting and in addition to Nightstar.
And if it is that easy, maybe I should up the requirement ante from four Ponies to Six in the same turn.
It shall be made available in cooperation with a distributor, such as the Traveling Artists Stable; we will likely reach out to others as well. We will have to get these cards printed, officially, by the right people.
We are still figuring out some of the game and card details, but we are grasping the idea fairly well and quick.
Fortunately, there is still time in this, as we continue to work on the "Sonichu" Books as well.
New Cards
24 August 2019
Here are a few new cards featuring my beloved Christine. Also, based on the actual phenomenon between her and I, Magi-Chan Sonichu.
Asking N_A_Larson's Input on Card
25 August 2019
Ah, thank you, @N_A_Larson; I shall update the card with that proper terminology.
I would also be interested in hearing your thoughts about the "Body Switching" card, @N_A_Larson. I have seen some room for error, such as playing this effect first, in particular to ship, say, a Unicorn with an Earth who is already shipped with three other Unicorns, to attain the Goal of the set of Unicorn Ships, should it be applicable and obtainable at the time.
But afterwards, say "Replace" or "Swap" went into effect, and the effect happened with one or both ponies affected by "Body Switching"; I would imagine the effect of switching the two Ponies who were Switched back to their original positions would become moot, and the remaining one, if the other was replaced, would remain where it was.
On the other hand, with one or multiple Swap(s), and Both Ponies remain on the grid at the end of the turn, the Switched Ponies would be swapped with each other into their Present Positions on the Grid. (edited)
Card Terminology
26 August 2019
Well, I had thought the terminology in the effect, in particular, "Swap the two Pony cards back to their original positions" in the definition of the term "Original". I sense the term "Present Positions" would be more accurate, as opposed to the possible misinterpretation of the original starting positions of the two cards before being switched. And I went over the meaning of the effect in as much detail as possible of the intended and foreseen outcomes.
Body Swapping Comparison
26 August 2019
After, at the end of the turn. And this is relevant to body-switching for real: any events of either individual that happen while the souls are in the opposite body (in the situation) happen under the influence of the soul that happened during the time. And after the two switch back, the situations remain the same, but the only ones that really remember the details of the ships they established during the time is the soul that made it happen.
You can get a better visual idea when you see the Season 9 episode when Fluttershy and Angel swapped, though this situation is more based on that which has happened between Christine and I, Magi-Chan Sonichu; still in progression. (edited)
Asking Input on Simplifying Text
26 August 2019
My mistake on the spoiler. And that is why I bring the card's effect's wording to you for critiquing and simplifying.
I am open for input on how to simplify the wording, if you would please. To spare from having to scroll up, here is just the text.
Body Switching - "When you play the Pony card to this Ship card after attaching it to the grid, you must swap the two Pony cards after activating the Power of the Pony card coming into play after playing this Ship card. At the end of your turn, swap the two Pony cards back to their original positions on the grid."
Reply to Input
26 August 2019
That is very good. Although the Body Switch is not supposed to be permanent, unless one of the two was removed from play, because it is usually fated in a Body Switching scenario be switched back. You can look at "Freaky Friday" or the "Switcheroo" episode of Teen Titans.
So, working from what you have provided, I feel the following would likely suffice:
"Swap the positions of the two pony cards attached to this ship. At the end of your turn, if neither of the affected pony cards has been removed from the shipping grid, swap them back to their present positions."
Or simply, "Swap them back" at the end.
Asking Feedback
20 October 2019
Hey, y'all. 😊
I've been still hard at work on mine and Magi-Chan's set of TSSSF cards for our new deck and expansion packs. I've figured out from my own Solitaire gameplay, and from the mechanics I have found in making some of our new cards. So, I came up with some Expanded Rules for a couple of new cards to go with the previous Rule cards.
I would like y'all's feedback on what we have so far, and improvement suggestions are welcomed.
Lots of Cards
20 October 2020
You'll have a LOT More counting our cards
I put up a few Expanded Rules on the "Finished Cards" channel; we'd appreciate the feedback and input.
Thank you all.
😊
Start Cards
20 October 2020
Well, there are a few cards already available that affect the Start Card, as well as those that bring cards in "From the Collection", not to mention that there are plenty of different Start cards as well nowadays. I've made such a card that brings in another Start card as well.
Start Card Mechanics
21 October 2019
It remains a valid idea for the game to enable multiple Start cards on the board, since the options of the other Start cards do exist, otherwise it would be just the one Fanfic Author Twilight. And it gives an element of a literal second player or more in the game.
Magi-Chan put it towards me to make multiple Start cards; there will literally be Four Start Cards in the Sonichu Deck. And soon enough, I came up with the idea of the TCG League Ship card, and the element came into the idea flow.
But, the affecting the Start Card(s) in such a way Has happened before, as we have found amongst the previous cards. One card that comes to mine is "So Long, and Thanks For All the Ships"; a Goal card that Removes the Start card and puts itself in its place. So, surely, there ought be the way of bringing them onto the grid.
I'll also have a Goal card titled, "Put It On My Card" with a 0 point score and it's effect being putting the card behind any Pony card on the grid; the Pony card becomes a Start card with the immovable effect added onto it.
Asking for Suggestions on Card Info
21 October 2019
I am open for suggestions and edits to add summarized details of the extra Start cards ruling onto these Expanded Rule cards. I'm also open for suggestions for any other rules or edits that have been in suggestion around the TSSSF community for the time to add those rules as well. 😊
YouTube Video
26 October 2019
Hey, y'all. I just demonstrated TSSSF on YouTube; may the game get better popular and all very good things. I'm still taking input for the Expanded Rule cards for my Sonichu TSSSF Deck. Thank you.😊
[Chris links to Chris Chan Sonichu plays Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder, Solitaire]
Misplay
26 October 2019
There's a valid reason for that: I was playing on a long table. It made sense to play the Pony cards horizontal in my POV (which became vertical to the camera view). I had a Great Time recording that demonstration.
Upon retrospect, I SHOULD Have swapped Angry Twilight with Ember, making Twilight shipped with Kepler, who was from an Alt Timeline, allowing me to win that one Goal card Sooner. But, no, I was blinded to it.
Gah.
🤣
Ah. I still have more Ship and Goal cards to go for the Sonichu Deck. I am taking notes for the Expanded Rule cards; still open for y'all's input.
Ooh, @N_A_Larson, after my deck is completed, I would love to send you and two of your friends a copy of the deck (with my compliments) to play- test for yourselves.
Maybe Field Test the Multi-Deck game idea.
Ah. I see the layout; that does make it visually easier to differ Ship cards when some of them are vertical. I shall keep a mental note of that for future practice and gameplay. And I will be in touch.😊
Thank you, although only the handful of my art got shown from the cards played; there is a lot more of my art, and a bunch of fresh art, in the upcoming deck. I believe all of you will be most pleasantly surprised.
Project with Magi-Chan
26 October 2019
Even my hubby, Magi-Chan Sonichu, personally helped. This project is our little shared love project that we humbly wish to share with everyone.
Expansion Rules
26 October 2019
Ah. I did not know that. I will make a note to add that detail to the Expanded Rules. "The game was designed for the deck to be used with one Expansion Pack at a time." And I have not collected Fanfic Editor Starlight" yet. Hmm....
Perhaps the deck can still be played with up to a certain number of cards; perhaps equivalent of up to three Expansion Packs.
This would make for a good experimentation for the gameplay.
I state that, because from what I have found so far, the average Expansion is about 15 cards with the equivalent number of Pony Cards to Ship and Goal cards in varying ratios.
So far, I've ended up completing two 15 card Expansions, each with less Pony cards versus the remainder, and the OCs Expansion has 37 Pony cards, 2 Ship cards and the one Goal card.
[posts a screenshot of his IdeaGuy Corruptions custom pack]
I ended up making a story sequence with the Flavour Texts in the Arizona Slime Expansion.
[posts a screenshot of his Sonichu/Rosechu OC Expansion Pack custom pack]
Anyway, just my initial two cents for the topic.
Expansions Idea
27 October 2019
Ah. Very Interesting idea: "If you have multiple Expansions for your Deck, instead of "Tearing up Twilight's Notes", combine some of the Expansion Packs to add to the lack of decks." That is serious branching out.
Card Sleeves
27 October 2019
That is a very interesting and insightful point. I also have a bunch of Older various matte PRO sleeves that I was using on the Core Deck and expansions not of my creation; I've sorted out LOTS between black and blue, while also finding lots of red, and some white.
And with that, the Multi-Deck gameplay can be field-tested further.
Having custom decks. (edited)
Collection
27 October 2019
Quite so. I am still furthering my collection of past sets and Promos. I have also asked online through Twitter if anyone would trade a copy of "The Con Life" Expansion Pack for one of my new Packs; I haven't found any takers yet.
On that topic, I also tried to get signed up for the Children of Kefentse Forum website, but my registration ended up denied.
I presently have 20 Ship cards and 14 Goal cards to go in my Sonichu deck.
Possible MLP Cons
27 October 2019
Unbeknownst to Chris, Seaquestria Fest has him on a preemptive ban list.[1]
Still a remainder of basic Ship cards to figure out to match the number in the Core deck.
Perhaps I may play with you at BABSCon.
At least I am mostly set for the event and travel planning.
I'll check out Trotcon; perhaps I can fit that in as well.
At least there is plenty of time until 2020
There's also AirBnB.
What is the name of the new Maryland Convention?
That's in California
Seaquestria Fest
https://www.seaquestriafest.com/
Start Card's Text
27 October 2019
Also, this text needs to be placed above the Start card's Power.
[posts screenshot reading: "Place this card in the center of the table at the start of the game. This card cannot be moved or removed from the grid. This power cannot be copied."]
Power Text Recommendation
27 October 2019
Considering what you have, @Professor Tor Coolguy, I would recommend the following for its Power text.
Place this card in the center of the table at the start of the game. This card cannot be moved or removed from the grid.
This card counts as Three Pony cards.
If a Love Poison is played, you may select this card for its effect, instead. If you do, place the top card of the Pony discard pile in its place. That Pony's Power does not activate. This power cannot be copied.
Selfie
28 October 2019
Barack Obama
just pooped my pants oh yeah
@ChrisChanSonichu1982 are you the real chris chan?
Chris
Not G4's Final Season
29 October 2019
It is Not the Final Season. G4 is getting five more televised seasons, and G5 will be delayed until the year 2025.
Completed Sonichu Deck
31 October 2019
Ah. Yes! I did it! The TSSSF Sonichu Deck has been Completed! :)
And I just ordered the first copy of it for myself. Check out the sides of the box for now:
[posts a graphic of his custom box art]
I got tired and couldn't come up with "Nutrition Information" for the side: I might give that a go another time, or iust leave it as it is with the lightning bolt.
TSSSF Collection
18 November 2019
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Gallery
Gallery
References
↑ File:Ban List (Feat. Chris).png sourced from https://www.horse-news.org/2020/03/seaquestria-fest-exposing-everything.html
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Secret Shipfic Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Ben Saint • ProjectSNT • MKRNightVee • AquaDiamond8 • Jacob Sockness • Sarah and Steve • Helena Fiorenza • The Sergeant at Arms • Multidimensional White Knights • Kai • Midnight Moonflower • Naught • Geno Samuel
The TSSSF Packs
ArizonaSlime • Blessed Wares and Extra Credit • Chris Chan Sonichu Expansion Pack • Hangin' With Magi-Chan • IdeaGuy Corruptions • Nightstar & Friends • Nightvee & the Warriors For Andromeda • ProjectSNT and Friends • A Righteous Rising • Samurai Pizza Bots • Sonichu/Rosechu OC Expansion Pack • Sonichu & Rosechu • Sonichu Deck • Sonichu Promo • Sonichu Villains • Super/Mega Forms • YES to MLPFiMSeasons10to14
The Prizes
Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder • Livestreams • OCs • CWCville Shopping
Coinciding Sagas
Jacob, Arbitarch, Watchmen, Saint, ProjectSNT
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Children_of_Kefentse&oldid=333932"