Title: Chris and health
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Health
Categories: Articles of the Now, Chris and..., Concepts influenced by Idea Guy
================================================================================

Health disclosure: This article contains in-depth discussion of Chris's physical and/or mental health. This page is not to be construed as a substitute for medical advice or a professional diagnosis. All diagnoses are either taken from outside documentation or based on amateur analysis.
“
Eat less cow meat; Grilled Chicken is healthier. Vegetables and Fruit are a must; Walking or Jogging is great exercise daily. Standing helps too; play some Guitar Hero on Guitar, you have to stand while playing, and move a bit for fun and movement.
”
Chris's ironic advice for Ivan Drago[1]
A rather optimistic depiction of Chris in later life, illustrated prior to his identifying as transgender.
Chris, as even those with a cursory knowledge of medicine can plainly see, is not in good health – physically or mentally. Considering his obesity, lack of exercise, and poor nutrition, he has a high chance of developing potentially life-threatening medical problems such as cancer, type 2 diabetes, heart failure, atherosclerosis, and possibly a premature death.
Compounding matters is Chris's habit of applying magical thinking to matters of health concerns, believing that someone's seizures and hallucinations are a sign of developing psychic powers[2] and that he could recover from a high heart rate simply by mental command.[3]
Contents
1 Diet and nutrition
2 Hydration and water consumption
3 Exercise
3.1 Bicycling
3.2 Anytime Fitness
3.3 Walking for exercise
3.4 #BronyBabes
3.5 Exercise in Jail
4 Hygiene
5 Vision
6 Hearing and speech
7 Dental health
8 Cardiovascular health
9 Excretory health
10 Mental health
11 Sexual health
12 Gender transitioning
12.1 Hormone treatment
12.2 Un-clit
12.3 Self-inflicted taint wound
12.4 Rejected by a blood bank
13 Sickness
14 Body Tremors
15 Other deformities
16 See also
17 References
Diet and nutrition
Main article: Chris and nutrition
Put simply, Chris is a fatty. Unfortunately, he continues to deny this fact, and often lies that he cooks for himself often. Chris's diet actually consists largely of fast food from McDonald's, which is admittedly not unlike the diet of many Americans. He claims to usually only eat fast food salads, but the caloric content of the salads often exceeds fast food burgers after adding the sauce that comes with them. His diet contributes in large part to many of his health issues, as well as his financial problems.
After spending three months in Western State Hospital, his mugshot upon returning to jail on 3 May 2022 revealed him to have lost a significant amount of weight. This is likely due to Chris being completely unable to beg for money to spend on junk food. However, since his release from jail in 2023, he has quickly ballooned back to his former obesity.
Hydration and water consumption
Main article: Chris and nutrition#Hydration and water consumption
Up until 2020, Chris's water consumption was incredibly low, and his primary fluid consumption consisted mainly of carbonated drinks, as revealed by Chris having 8,000 My Coke Rewards points. For reference, buying and redeeming a 36-can pack of Coke is only equivalent to 25 points. This data point gives Christorians a metric in determining the amount of soda that Chris had actually consumed. In fact, it is estimated that between the 6th of March 2007 and the 4th of September 2009, Chris drank around 2,500 bottles of Coca-Cola.
Chris's heavy consumption of carbonated beverages is also illustrated in a video in 2009, wherein Chris creates his infamous 'Semen Flavored Fanta' at the request of Ivy. Chris believed that in consuming his own reproductive fluids, he could 'recycle' his semen and protect his fertility, as he likely thought men were subject to the female factoid of being "born with all of their eggs they'll ever have". The belief in this concept alone gives Christorians great insight into Chris's incorrect view of not only biology, but of how consumption of food and beverage works in the human body.
Contrary to his previous practices, it seems that after 2020 Chris's water consumption has increased as he has often been seen with a Glaceau water bottle. However, as early as January 2018, Chris expressed a favoring of water[4] Inside said bottle is an amethyst crystal which Chris believes heals him and 'recharges' his powers, as he believes the powers from the crystal are transferred into the water. This may be derived from the ancient Greeks who believed that amethyst could protect its owner from drunkenness and drinking vessels made from it would prevent intoxication.
Exercise
Click to load content
“
[…] while my body is Strong and Powerful, I am unable to Run Fast without losing breath 10-Seconds in Sonic-Running Speed.
”
CWCipedia[5]
I AM STRONG!
Chris has not had any regular exercise since leaving high school, and the lack of physical activity has contributed to his already ballooning shape. Since he barely leaves his house and focuses his time on playing vidya, his lack of exposure to the sunlight has left his skin a frightening pallor that starkly contrasts to the dark background of his room while making videos. Also, most fat people have strong, stocky legs, due to carrying around all that weight, but since Chris very rarely performs any task more physically demanding than standing up, his muscles have withered away, leaving a body made almost entirely out of fat, as evidenced by his incredibly thin and weak arms that are incapable of breaking wooden sticks and barely capable of tearing cardboard.
When questioned about exercise, he regarded standing up and playing Guitar Hero as exercise.[6] Needless to say, Chris is clearly delusional. Chris never seemed to show interest in actual exergaming titles, such as Dance Dance Revolution or Wii Fit. In Chris's PaRappa the Rapper contest entry, where he foolishly chose to dance, he seemed to get tired very easily from dancing for a mere 30 seconds and even stopped recording to take a break (evidenced by the abrupt change of position). While attending Fridays After Five for a while, he danced in public like a stroke victim, then sat down to rest and play some vidya outdoors. Despite this, he is capable of dancing in place for over seven minutes in WelcometoBollywood. Whether or not he did this with the magic of jump cuts remains to be seen.
During the later stages of his infatuation with Kacey, many of Chris's videos showed a growing obsession with his own physical power. Chris apparently believes himself to be a nigh-unstoppable testament to human might, and has made several videos dedicated to flexing and feats of strength, performing Herculean tasks such as lifting boxes of Minute Maid lemonade and almost doing fake push-ups. He appears to believe that he could've defeated both his rivals Gregg Mays and Liquid Chris should've it to came to blows, and as such had challenged them to fisticuffs multiple times.
Of course, Chris is once again completely delusional about his own abilities. The push-ups and curls he has struggled to do on camera only serve to demonstrate exactly how hopelessly out of shape he really is. He's so fat and his muscles are so small that it's never clear whether he's actually flexing, and the fighting moves he's shown are laughably incompetent. Were Chris to get his wish and physically confront Gregg or Liquid, he would definitely have his ass handed to him.
In the Father Call and the subsequent Kacey and Liquid Call, Chris made various claims about having taken up jogging. At one point he claimed to jog 5 miles (8 kilometers) a day, but it didn't take long for Kacey and her father to call him out on this obvious lie. The truth is clearly shown in Sonichu's Edge, where Chris runs only a fraction of a mile and had to take six breaks to catch his breath, whereas a person in decent health would take a few seconds to jog the same distance without having to stop as often as Chris did.
Chris's downright pathetic musculature may at least partially stem from hypotonia (lack of muscle tone), which can occur in people on the autism spectrum,[7] although it is clear that his poor lifestyle has only exacerbated this.
Bicycling
Chris has owned several bicycles over the course of his life, but it is unknown if he ever rode any of them regularly. The most recent one was lost in the hoard sometime before 2010. Chris has made the occasional reference to biking over the years:
In Kacey Call 18, he claims to have a scar above his left breast from a bicycle accident he had when he was about five to seven years old.
Chris received a bike as a Christmas present in 1995.
In his OkCupid answers, Chris claims that he always wears a helmet when he rides a bike.
In Jackie Chat 6, Jackie asks Chris to make a video of himself riding his bike. Chris claims that his bike is buried among junk and that he can no longer access it.
The Idea Guys were here.
Chris was brainwashed into believing that he would need to begin exercising regularly in spring 2018 for him to be in shape while in CWCville.[8]
Anytime Fitness
Main article: Anytime Fitness
At the manipulation of the Idea Guys, Chris began exercising and going to the gym. He was banned from an Anytime Fitness branch, due to a combination of complaints from fellow gym-goers of Chris being gassy, and weens harassing the gym. Chris later claimed he was still going to another branch. Chris has given no further updates on his gym membership.
Walking for exercise
“
Yes, the nature today is beautiful, and it was great temperature for a four-plus mile walk up the Monticello Trail. 😊 ⚡️💙⚡️
”
Chris[9]
Chris's Fitbit
The exercise habit from the Idea Guys stuck with Chris temporarily, as he continued to go on walks, as seen in Walking to the post office and him mentioning that he goes on nature walks with his Region 10 support group.[10] In December 2018, he purchased a treadmill, and filmed himself using it. For the first time in a long time, it would've seemed that Chris had started to pay at least some attention to one facet of his health. However, only a few months later, it appears that he has left his treadmill to rust.
In 2018, Chris tried to sell a Fitbit activity tracker. However, no-one bought it, and he kept using it.[11] He did 23,000 steps on a walk to the post office and back. In January 2019, he released his Fitbit info to the Brony Babes group. Eventually, though, Chris gave up on walking, mostly using the Fitbit to monitor his sleep.[12][13]
In March 2021 in a conversation on The Place,[14] Chris stated he had visited the Ivy Creek Natural Area, a 219 acre nature reserve,[15] and did a lap of its walking track, as well as meditating on a rock. Ivy Creek has several trails ranging from 2.5 kilometers (1.6 miles) in length to just 200 meters (0.1 mile). It is unclear which trail Chris took.
#BronyBabes
Main article: Brony Babes
Chris began 2019 by participating in the #BronyBabes challenge on Twitter with the goal of losing weight. He quickly abandoned it, though, after a barrage of blocks from fellow participants and voice actors for My Little Pony.
Exercise in Jail
According to a few jail letters, Chris's primary means of exercise in jail is playing basketball in the recreation room. However, a letter from a Twitter fan known as "Eels and the Egg-man" also shows that he was restricted from the recreation room, though Chris has not disclosed the reason for this. Any other potential means of exercise for Chris in jail are yet to be revealed.
Hygiene
“
I shower Daily.
”
Chris[16]
"Did you bathe?" "No" Where Chris marinates in his own filth. Note the pale orange-red staining on the improperly cleaned tiles, suggesting a case of a Serratia marcescens bacterial colony, a type of bacteria capable of causing everything from urinary tract infections to meningitis.
As quoted above, Chris claims to bathe on a daily basis. However, his propensity to lie and reports from people who have interacted with him suggest otherwise. According to Emily, he reeked of "rotten watermelons"; Robert Simmons V said that he had a variant of the homeless person stank, and field agents have said "body odor masked with gallons of Axe". In fact, it might be that Chris regards Axe as a substitute for a shower.[17] Rosechu seems to confirm this belief, as upon being told of Sonichu's Axe usage she makes an awful attempt at suggestive wordplay, suggesting both that using Axe makes Sonichu clean enough for sex and that cheap deodorant has an aphrodisiac effect on Rosechu.
It would appear that Chris compounds this hygiene problem by frequently going for days without changing his clothes; perusal of his videos has shown him wearing the same shirt for several days in a row.[18] It may be that Chris just gets into "nice" clothing to make his videos and as such doesn't get them dirty, allowing for him to use the same ones repeatedly, although this hygienic habit would be at odds with everything else he does.
The condition of his epidermal system is so poor that it's visibly noticeable, even in his low quality videos. The texture of grease that is probably permanently adhered to his skin creates a disgusting sheen that reflects a significant amount of light. The same goes for his hair, which is in such poor condition that when he allowed it to grow for the Tomgirl Pictures, many strands were clumped together in greasy, sticky locks, looking akin to the long beard of a homeless man. And even when washed, it looks exactly as greasy and unkempt as it did before, as seen in the HairDifference videos. This neglect will only make his hair fall out even faster than it already was.
This lack of cleanliness, combined with the state of his room where he spends almost all his time, means that Chris and his surroundings must smell absolutely disgusting. Chris evidently simply tolerates the horrible odors, perhaps not noticing them anymore. It may be that he has an abnormally weak or insensitive sense of smell or has gone nose-blind; few other things would allow for such living conditions.
Despite his irregular (at best) use of the shower, Chris is reportedly an enthusiastic consumer of hand sanitizer. Mimms and Lucas recalled that he would scrub his hands with germ-killing jellied alcohol after every post-card-game handshake at The GAMe PLACe (doubtlessly offending his victorious opponents) and photographs of Chris at Fridays After Five suggest that he kept a bottle on hand at all times. Additionally, Mimms and Lucas said in their Q&A session that Chris didn't have any noticeable BO during his time at the GAMe PLACe, suggesting that his odor problems would only worsen from that time onward. BlueSpike also mentions Chris's usage of hand sanitizer throughout Julie Reveals Herself.
A 2020 tweet suggested that Chris wears the Sonichu medallion in the shower.[19] Crayola fuckin' Model Magic and acrylic paint are both porous when hardened, and as such, the medallion will absorb grime such as soap scum and skin cells when Chris showers with it. The medallion has also grown more and more filthy and discolored due to contact with hot water.
Chris stated in a November 2021 that he was highly encouraged to shower daily with Bob Barker or Irish Spring soap, a towel, and shampoo, while in jail, bringing hope that Chris's hygiene improved drastically at the time. Chris claimed that he was "VERY clean".[20]
Vision
As evidenced by his oversized, aviator-like glasses, Chris has a vision problem. Judging by pictures of Chris in his youth, it appears that he began wearing glasses around the time he entered high school. The extent of his eyesight problems is anybody's guess. His glasses are often fogged and dirty, thus simultaneously improving and worsening his sight along different feature dimensions. Chris often takes them off when things are "getting serious", but keeps them on to read. This is evident in the video in which he reads a letter from Nintendo, and in the "FUTURE MESSAGE" video.
Chris may also suffer from facial blindness. This may exacerbate some of his current health issues, because there are indications that he legitimately cannot see the way his unhealthy lifestyle has affected his appearance, thus removing an incentive to change.
One of Chris's half-brothers, Dr. David Alan Chandler, happens to be an eye doctor whom Chris has seen in the past. The last time Chris was known to have seen him for an appointment was 6 January 2004.
Chris's driver's license has a restrictive condition checked, which commonly means that the driver must wear glasses in order to legally drive. Whether his vision contributed to the numerous vehicular incidents he has been involved in has yet to be seen. However, it is a good bet that Chris should be wearing glasses while driving, for the sake of those sharing the road with him.
In his CLog 10042017 - Q&A NO MORE video, Chris's left eye is drooping noticeably, which may imply either an early sign of a stroke or substance abuse. Both of these are plausible due to his obesity and poor nutrition for the former, and his abuse of a black-market drug for the latter.
Hearing and speech
Main article: Speech impediment
Little is known about the current state of Chris's hearing, but the Autism papers said he suffered from high-frequency hearing loss in early childhood. Chris has also exhibited signs of tone-deafness; his musical performances show little semblance of melody at all.
Chris is known for his unusual way of talking, which goes beyond just having a Southern accent. He mixes up, clutters, and substitutes sounds regularly. He also often talks quickly and slurs his words, and when he doesn't, his voice takes on a staccato rhythm. His voice itself is a very severe deformity, ranging in pitch from normal to the sound of a three-year old girl on helium all the way to Gilbert Gottfried. It has been medically proven that one of the effects of autism is a lack of variation in speech such as tone, pitch and accent. It can also work backwards, which could explain Chris's far from normal voice: autistics often have difficulty distinguishing voice tone.
In his Song of Christian video, his voice sounds almost entirely normal and even deeper than later years, except for the occasional times where he recalls Conker of Conker's Bad Fur Day. However, this voice deformity most likely comes from the fact he has little to no human interaction; such isolation has been proven to change a person's perception of pitch, especially if they're autistic. Chances are likely this has become permanent for Chris, given his decades of isolation.
Dental health
Main article: Fangs
He's not even afraid to show the gaping cavities at the back of his mouth. Talk about honest content!
Chris's fondness for bearing his fangs in moments of tard rage has revealed substantial dental work, particularly on his back molars, which look to have had most of their surface drilled and filled to deal with cavities. It seems likely that Chris takes about as much care of his teeth as he does any other part of his body, and that he'll be needing crowns and other painful, expensive dental surgery some time later in his life.
Although it is difficult to tell (partly due to Chris's awful camerawork), in the few instances we get to see his teeth, they seem to be a strange yellow-brown color, which is likely the result of large consumption of carbonated drinks and poor dental hygiene.
In a June 2021 chat, Chris mentioned that he had an appointment for a root canal and for prep work to install a crown on one of his back teeth.[21]
In a November 2024 tweet, Chris wrote that he had two missing teeth which had been broken and then extracted. He mentioned needing $11,000 for "transplants" (apparently confusing the term with implants).[22]
On 29 March 2025, Chris did a livestream and said that he wanted at least $50 in donations because of his dental situation.[23] He also claimed that he brushes his teeth twice daily with an electric toothbrush.
On 17 May 2025, Chris did a livestream and revealed that he finally got the implants for his broken teeth.[24]
Cardiovascular health
Chris thinks this will help him grow his breasts. To be fair, he's not wrong.
It is known that Chris's father Bob Chandler had a long history of heart problems. Knowing this, Chris should have realized he was at a far higher chance of inheriting cardiac disorders and related risk factors. Thanks to his poor decisions regarding his own health, he has made an already bad situation worse.
In August 2013, Chris indicated that the stress he's endured has begun to affect his health, citing a symptom of high blood pressure. In 2016, he implied that he has hypertension;[25] this was later confirmed in August 2017, when he stated that he takes prescription medicine for it.[26]
In September 2017, Chris discussed his new method for growing larger breasts, which involves flavoring his food with soy sauce. As an example, he posted a picture of McDonald's fries doused in soy sauce.[27] It is evident that he has conflated soy-based foods with soy sauce, thinking the latter would be a good way to boost estrogen levels. In reality, the phytoestrogens found in soy products do not bind to the body's estradiol receptors, and thus will have no effect on his manboobs. Conversely, soy sauce is loaded with sodium, and said sodium is actually making him fatter due to weight gain and fluid retention, as well as inflicting further damage to his heart, which is already straining under the effects of hypertension. Although drinking water does help offset the effects of sodium-laden foods, Chris is too busy slurping on Coca-Cola to ever consider adding that to his daily food regime, although he has been drinking more water recently, due to his belief that putting a crystal in his water bottle will give him magical powers.
In January 2019, Chris uploaded the results of a blood sugar and blood pressure screening. Chris's blood pressure is shown to be 121 over 84, classified as pre-high blood pressure.[28] His blood glucose is 63 mg/dL and his total cholesterol is 140, both of which are surprisingly healthy levels considering his lifestyle.[29]
In June 2019, Chris, via his sockpuppet account, claimed to have suffered a heart attack, and that he went to the emergency room.[30]. However, it turned out to have been a case of heartburn - his doctor referred to it as a gastro issue and advised taking Tums.[31]
In September 2019 during a chat in The Place, Chris revealed his blood pressure monitor read at "Level One Hypertension". If this is correct that would mean Chris' cardiovascular health had declined rather rapidly in only a few months since the January 2019 blood pressure screening[32]. To remedy this Chris performed meditation as well as purchasing potassium supplements and one salad. It is unknown whether Chris made any long-term changes to his diet.
In September 2020 during a conversation in The Place, Chris complains of "blood pressure spikes". Due to Chris being generally incompetent it is unclear whether these were heart palpitations or genuine blood pressure spikes. Either explanation is a reasonable possibility given the medical information he previously provided. Chris also revealed he was on 4 prescription medicines, any of which may cause symptoms that Chris could mistake for a blood pressure spike.
Thirteen days after his complaints of blood pressure spikes, Chris messages The Place complaining of dimensional disturbances "jarring heart rate to high numbers". At the request of Kyle Chris states that the heart rate spikes have caused "brief disable and paralysis". It's revealed by Chris' that his heart rate read higher than 93bpm at one point during this episode[33]. Surprisingly Chris actually saw a doctor about this ailment 4 days after his messages to The Place, receiving an EKG scan and a standard checkup. He states that his doctor "expressed some perplexed emotions and feelings" but "essentially played it off as foreseen"... whatever that means.
Excretory health
Main articles: DIRTY, CRAPPED BRIEFS and Piss
Chris has had a long history of fecal incontinence. One factor likely contributing to this is his diet. His continued abuse of his anus and rectum has not helped.
Chris also has a history of urinary tract infections, despite the condition being uncommon with men.
As mentioned in the previous section, Chris revealed that he put soy sauce on everything that is not sweet. In addition to worsening his renal health, when combined with the laxative effects of his intake of twelve prunes a day (part of the same breast growth formula), this is only likely to result in a higher frequency of DIRTY, CRAPPED BRIEFS.
Mental health
Christian Weston Chandler is not a very healthy individual in any sense of the word.
Quite a stirring coincidence.
As noted, Chris has a hostile relationship with psychotherapy, so there is little that can be said about what mental illnesses he has. Because autism isn't nearly enough to explain the full spectrum of his abject psyche, many observers have tried to pin down Chris for a variety of mental illnesses ranging from sociopathy (minus the increase in charisma) to narcissism (ditto), to schizophrenia (signs include his disorganized speech and writing, loss of contact with reality, and paranoid ideas about being the victim of persecution or "conspiracies" – such as his delusional belief that Megan Schroeder and Michael Snyder were somehow responsible for him getting banned from Walmart).
The one mental failing that debilitates Chris most is his rigid refusal to adapt to his environment. This stubbornness, more than anything else, is what makes him so frustrating to watch – he is incapable of advancing mentally beyond the mind of a ten-year-old with some Playboy magazines stuffed under his mattress. Whatever mental problems he may have are only exacerbated by this stubborn inability to mature or even alter his tactics. For well over a decade, he has been led on by various trolls pretending to be young white women who are interested in a relationship with him, and yet he continually falls for it. It is Chris's refusal to listen or learn that ensures that he will continue to live in ignorance, isolation and misery, and until he decides to change, it always will, irrespective of whether his trolls stay interested in him.
It was once thought possible that Chris didn't feel like his life had truly begun, that he was still in the "pre-adult" years – because he remained a virgin into his early 30s, and judging by his oversimplified, black-and-white view of the world tainted by fiction and media messages, treatment of women and stunted understanding of sexual relationships, because he saw sex not as a biological or recreational function, or an expression of love, but rather as a rite of passage, of sorts, and he therefore believed that he wasn't able to truly be an adult until he had sex. Chris later would lose his virginity for real, albeit to a hooker; as of yet, he has made few to no changes that will tangibly improve his life. In fact, he has been plunging himself and his mother even further into debt to buy toys, of all things, as well as a new car. Needless to say, no one expects Chris and Barb to be able to afford to keep the car for long.
Since Chris has been pampered and sheltered from basically all forms of outside influence, he lacks experience with the real world. His reaction to the real world can best be seen in his reactions to trolls; instead of dealing with them in a constructive way (taking their advice) or even a neutral way (either ignoring them or getting off the internet), he will freak out, yell at things, blame his autism or the trolls themselves for his shortcomings, and maybe crush a dildo or his camera.
He also has a peculiar notion that he is slim, broad-shouldered and tan, and that he has a full head of hair and is generally not creepy. This image comes from two things:
His mother would always tell him how "handsome" he was. This might simply be Barbara telling her son what all mothers tell their kids.
He has an inability to recognize people's faces, a medical condition formally known as Wikipedia:Prosopagnosia and informally known as facial blindness. For example, during the Blanca incidents, trolls used pictures of two different girls to represent Blanca and he never suspected a thing; he thinks that he and BILLY MAYS would have looked the same if BILLY shaved off his beard. In high school, he had to remember his own appearance by staring in the mirror, leaving his more youthful image of himself branded in his mind.[34] The fact that the only distinguishing features of his cartoon characters are hair and eye color also point to this, although this may just be Chris being a shitty artist.
Some people think that, far from being mentally ill, Chris is just misguided and simply needs to be steered in the right direction. However...
In the July 2012 arraignment for his and Barbara's actions at the GAMe PLACe the previous fall, Chris agreed to a plea bargain, avoiding felony charges and jail time in exchange for, among other things, "mandatory psychological treatment and evaluation," which meant that Chris was forced to undergo legitimate psychiatric treatment (as opposed to simply seeing an un-certified pastoral "counselor"), or risk being imprisoned. Given that most, if not all of the problems described above persist in some form or another to this day, it seems that Chris reacted to psychiatric treatment in much the same way he reacted to the education system, as it seems that, whatever his psychiatrist said, he took none of it in, probably taking out his anger at being forced to obey the law on the psychiatrist by simply refusing to co-operate.
Chris began listening to Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis videos on YouTube in 2016. On 29 June, he uploaded Announcement 06292016-2, in which he claimed that the music cured his autism:
Hey fans, I forgot one thing to mention. I have- I've actually been on a- subliminal project, as a lot of you- or some of you- might have been... aware of, through my history or whatever... That I try to keep private amongst my YouTube settings.
But I have been enjoying for the past 3 months the "Get Rid of Autism" subliminal. The one that actually works in three months so less than [stutters] three times per day. 36 times.
I have been doin' that I've actually found myself more mentally capable. I don't- I do not blank out as much, I feel a little bit faster in mental processing... Aaand I feel a whole lot better so with that [puts out hands] I'm essentially cured of autism. Oh and also I actually have been able to socialize better out in public, so that's another good deal right there.
I'm gonna put the link underneath this video... And those of y'all with autism... Try for yourself. Three- play it three times, per day... for three months. [Points to head] It worked for me. [Thumbs up]
However, in a November Facebook post, he was back to referring to himself as a "high-functioning autistic person."[35]
Chris mentioned in August 2017 that he takes Valium, a drug used to treat anxiety and nervousness.[36]
“
I took a rest and some valium after I got back home. I feel some recovered, but feel some mild headache now.
”
Chris, on taking the drug after feeling stress from being told not to wear his unicorn cosplay at church.
A piece of Jail Art in which Chris spergs about prophecies.
An employee at Earthbound Trading Co. had stated that when Chris was at their store, he was mumbling and talking about things in the store [37] so judging by that, he's not doing so good.
Sexual health
Bent at a horrifying 35° angle, Chris's duck is a thing of almost unholy terror. While there has been much speculation as to the cause of this (possibly Peyronie's disease or the result of engaging in dangerous prone masturbation), it is ultimately a mystery that will probably never be solved. While correctable, the process is expensive, and Chris has other, more important things on which to spend his (or rather, taxpayers') money.
In correspondence with Jackie, Chris revealed he was checked for STDs in early 2010.[38] He didn't have any; you can probably guess why.
Gender transitioning
See also: Transgender
Hormone treatment
Chris believes this is an appropriate form of hormone therapy.
Normally, transgender people plan out their gender transitions with doctors to ensure safety throughout the process, especially if they are taking hormones (which can cause health issues unless strictly monitored according to the patient's health profile).
Unfortunately, Chris has done the opposite. In 2015, he acquired Oestrogel, a hormone replacement therapy cream meant for post-menopausal women. It is meant to be prescription-only, but Chris got around the requirement to see a doctor by ordering it through Offshore Pharmacy.[39] Oestrogel has several health risks such as but not limited to; fluid retention, weight changes, rise in blood pressure (disastrous for an obese person like Chris) and blood clots,[40] and that is when it is applied properly via a small dosage on the arm once per day. He even managed to fail at following the directions on the package, as shown in Oestrogel application and Vibrating Bra, How To., in which he slathers the cream onto his stomach "like buttering bread".
Kim Wilson revealed that he was taking the hormones in May 2015,[41] and Chris mentioned the drug again as late as August 2016.[39] Throughout 2015-2016, he repeatedly complained, via Facebook posts, of feeling dizzy and ill but failed to connect the dots and see that taking over-dosages of a black-market drug without a physician's approval could be a reason for it.
In addition to Oestrogel, Chris has been taking supplements such as vitamins. He purchased a jar of Solaray Female Hormone Blend SP-7C in August 2016, which is meant to ease menopausal symptoms. Arthur Spatchcock also learned that, around May 2016, Chris was fond of eating Fenugreek seeds because he believed it would increase his estrogen levels.[42]
At some point in fall 2016, he finally went to a medical professional and was prescribed proper HRT.[43]
Un-clit
One day in September 2014, Chris decided to get a piercing on his perineum. Piercings require constant disinfection while they heal, anywhere on the body, even for very clean people, and so many trolls were concerned that considering Chris's general filthiness and the fact that the location of the piercing would receive very little air, there was a serious risk of infection. In December, he shared another picture of this piercing which showed that, while it wasn't infected, the piercing had begun to reject (tearing the skin in the process). Making lemonade out of lemons, Chris (now in the throes of his transwoman fantasy) noted with pride the tear's semblance to a vagina and actually got it re-pierced, without giving the original wound any longer than about a week to heal. Fortunately, Chris gave up on it after it became clear that the piercing was going to be more hassle than it was worth, and removed it for good before any serious harm was done.
Self-inflicted taint wound
Main article: Self-inflicted taint wound
In July 2016, Chris posted about a wound on his taint, announcing that he had gotten it as a result of Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis and would be growing new labia as a result. However, as the Man in the Pickle Suit later discovered, Chris actually went ahead and sliced himself open with a knife in order to free the vagina he thought was growing within him.
So, Chris was feeling up his junk, and he felt something "growing in". He believed his labia were growing in. He knew, logically, that he probably should let it... ahem... "erupt" on its own, because cutting himself open is crazy and he would probably get in trouble. But one night he was drunk and was sad that someone pointed out he didn't have an actual vagina, so he thought he'd help it along.
In the morning he was very embarrassed and sheepish about it. Chris is fucking lucky he posted about it online, and got pestered into getting help by weens, because if he hadn't, he'd probably end up in the hospital, fighting off a potentially lethal infection.
So technically speaking, in Chris logic, it was indeed a wound, but his vagina was going to come out and the wound would heal and everything would be alright.
It's kind of like he was Brundlewoman and he was pulling off his old ear and face and shit, and the beautiful Pam Anderson Christine would be underneath.[44]
Rejected by a blood bank
In January 2017, Chris complained on Facebook that he had been turned away from a blood drive for being transgender.[45] He stated that the given reason was "the FDA saw to not accept blood from Transgender people, due to the varying levels of testosterone/estrogen balances in our blood." Chris does not realize how medically sensitive patients will be when receiving blood transfusions, and that it would not be in their interests to be taking blood with hormonal imbalances, especially from Chris, whose blood has been affected by both his unhealthy lifestyle and the dangerous intake of the unsupervised Oestrogel drug.
Sickness
Chris, under the weather.
On 4 March 2009, Chris revealed in a video that he has been suffering from a bug.[46] Chris's voice is noticeably different. He later told everyone to give BlueSpike a cold virus if ever encountered in public,[47] though he retracted it hours later.[48] Later in the day, Chris would say in a Mumble chat that he has been having a "sinus infection, and possibly also a cold," and that he's been having plenty of orange juice and chicken noodle soup.[49] In another Mumble chat the following day, Chris claimed he had last checked his temperature earlier in the day, reading 96.8° (presumably Fahrenheit).[50] Chris claims that he will go outside to meet women locally as soon as he gets over the virus. Chris would later be spotted out of the house for church service on 15 March.[51]
On 15 January 2011, in an email with LoveYouLongTime, Chris admitted to lying about being sick to avoid fulfilling supposed promises he had made.[52] However Chris did claim to have suffered from stress-induced stomachaches and a runny nose from crying due to a family conflict. In mid-2014, Chris answered on OkCupid that he often or would never call in sick to work or school when he is not actually ill.[53]
On 6 February 2011, in another email with LoveYouLongTime, Chris retold his week, talking about getting antibiotics for a bladder infection:
The past week has been fair, but half-weak at the end. The past few days, I have been enduring the pains of a bladder/urinary infection. I saw my doctor, and he prescribed some antibotics for me. It was Thursday night when it started; I felt burning pains at my pee-hole; I only got about less than four hours of sleep at first. The pains kept me awake. Then I awoke at 3AM, and after one set of short excretions (#1) sitting on the john, I found a bit of blood in the water.
I called for the doctor appointment at about 9:00AM. I have been forced to remain at home on the sound experience from my mother, who has had similar experiences and similar antibiotic prescription, that I would feel weighed down and stuck at home for a number of days.
Friday, it was obvious that I felt soo tired, but I mustered the energy to see the doctor, and pick up my prescription after an hourly wait at my local CVS. I arrived back home at about near 2:45 PM; I took my first antibiotic pill, and crashed on the couch for an appreciated number of hours of less pain-interrupting sleep; I awoke later at about 10:20 PM.
Mom has been most helpful and caring to me during the time. After awaking, I felt some mild headaches (I had worse headaches during Friday afternoon as well), and I felt afraid that if I raised myself up, it would get worse for me.
Thankfully my mother came in for a visit and talked to me; I eventually mustered the energy to get up with minimal pain. Then I went to the bathroom for #1; less burning, but I felt pain during excretion and had to make more effort to push it out. Then after flushing and washing my hands, I returned to my couch and my mother. She brought me a carton of orange juice and a carton of chocolate soy milk. The vitamins from both have been helpful.[54]
As for my ailment, today I have felt better, surprisingly the antibiotics didn't weigh me down, or so I thought. I had overslept and missed church, but this afternoon I went out, got some tea with lemonade (an "Arnold Palmer", LOL) and something to eat. After eating, I felt the blood going to my gut worse than I had felt it before (probably the side-effect of the Antibiotics); I marched forward to take a walk around Wal-Mart for a while. A later Aftershock gut pain shortened the walk, so I drove myself back home to my couch with my full big cup of tea. And now I type you this message.
Depending on how I feel in due time, I plan on going to the Valentine's Dance at the Key Center on the 12th (this coming Saturday), but that's still a wait-and-see.
I feel need to back off for now, but I'll check in again later.
Stay Safe, Dearest
Love,
Christian.[55]
On 6 December 2011, Chris claims that he is sick in a voicemail message,[56] possibly due to the bug infestation at 14 Branchland Court around that time.[57] On 17 December, Chris mentioned he is still recovering from "sickness and emotions."[58]
On 17 October 2016, Chris would make a post on Facebook saying he has a cold in his "throats":
Well, I have a cold in my throats at its worst yesterday and today. Chicken Noodle Soup, fluids and rest for me today.
Have a good and safe day.[59]
The following day, Chris would upload a video begging for money and saying he is sick. Chris mumbles that he cannot raise his voice above a whisper, and claims he hasn't been able to for three days. He also says he has been enjoying chicken noodle soup, but he is running low on both soup and money. Chris presumably took a break from paid video requests due to the cold in his throat.
On 21 December 2016, Chris would make a post claiming that he is feeling a burning in his sinus, and provided some wisdom:
Nugget of wisdom: You work and stress often, you leave yourself vulnerable to a virus. A stressful life is not a healthy one, and I feel for you if your life is a constantly stressful one beyond your own control. Ugh.[60]
On 15 February 2017, Chris posted to Facebook that he was feeling sick:
I feel like a cold virus is hitting me down. Scratchy throat and coughs with mild chest pain. Not to mention the dizzy feeling from a leveled-up vertigo spell. I have soup and Tussim DM; I'll recover soon. Thank you.[61]
The following day Chris would upload a video of himself taking a walk around a playground in Harrisonburg, Virginia, including a short video intro message from a sick Chris. On 18 February, Chris would mention in a post about how the cold is still bothering him:
Six Days to until I hit the big 3, 5. And this cold is a pain itself to me right now. Not to mention the stresses I have to face in my life.[62]
On 21 February, he would post that he is "feeling some better."[63]
On 7 December 2019, Chris would post about pain and a "possible virus" he is experiencing, claiming it is "very serious":
Night last troubling still me. Up shook I not am only still. Virus possible. Rest need I. Bed in I am.
Else to everyone, want laugh you all; this serious is very.[64]
Night last you I told last while long will stress this.[65]
When asked if he was okay or if something had happened, Chris replied:
...Feel Well I Not. Rest Need I. Hurts Head. ...... UTI up acting. P waiting to. Know feeling not I well am. Yes, recover I be will. Super Stressed Ears Pachirisu Round Face to got me. E-mail received #ProjectSNT vent with. Expected Courtney did than better that I. Napkin. ⚡️💙⚡️[66]
Chris would give out updates on the virus/cold on the following couple of days.
9 December update:
Cold Virus update: my voice is shot. That grinds my gears and pisses me off. Continuing on with simple rest, meditation, positivity maintenance, and taking medicine, vitamins, enjoying chicken noodle soup, and drinking lots of water.
Making a kettle of tea with fresh lemon juice. I’ll enjoy it hot from the ol’ mug of my father’s.[67]
10 December update:
Good morning. I am still recovering, the virus is being stupid, but I’m psychically pushing it away, yet it decided to attack my throat again. At least my voice is not shot again.[68]
12 December update:
Hey, y’all. Update on this cold: it’s giving me nasal problems now, and it still lingers in the throat. It does not feel as bad as earlier.[69]
13 December update:
Cold update: my throat is no longer feeling soar and my nose is feeling less leaky; feeling pretty good right now. 😊[70]
On 19 December, Chris mentioned his sickness again on Discord at The Place when discussing ProjectSNT:
Hey, @everyone.
I’ve been mostly offline for the while now.
Waring Down a sinus infection now.
What is the current status on y’all’s part?
Also, has Courtney responded to any of you all?[71]
On 24 December, Chris would post that his sinus infection is gone.[72]
On 12 February 2020, Chris posted about being sick and experiencing nasal blockage:
Happy Birthday, #TaraStrong!
Your day is better than mine right now; enjoy your day.
(This cold virus hit me a bit more, but at least it’s not as much in my throat now. ¡Hola!, nasal blockage).
But, yes, even Deities can get sick.[73]
Despite taking the COVID-19 vaccine twice,[74] Chris still caught the virus (five times according to Chris)[75]. On 5 February 2022, while in jail, Chris tested positive for COVID-19. Chris journaled updates spanning several days about his current condition in his Goddess Logs.
Chris's OkCupid answers reveal that he prefers having company when sick rather than being left alone, and he only likes being read to aloud when he is sick.
Body Tremors
In November 2020 in a chat on The Place Chris posted the following message:
Chris (as Sonichu) 04:23 PM
@everyone, this is a Red Alert.
I am sensing a major problem arising.
This body is shaking quite a bit right now, and I am doing my best to keep it stable.
Obviously this is not a sign of the Dimensional Merge as Chris believes but rather is likely due to his high-sodium diet and poor sleep schedule. Chris goes on to explain he had only gotten 2 hour of sleep that night, and Kyle attempts to figure out whether Chris just had a stroke or a seizure all while Chris, uninterested, talks about the Dimensional Merge.
During this episode Chris' shakes lasted from 4:23 PM at the time of the first message to 5:06 PM when he advised The Place they had stopped.
Chris also admitted in a March 2021 conversation on The Place that he had suffered from "body quakes". In his infinite wisdom Chris blamed this on the Dimensional Merge and "feeling massively strong energies" rather than his incredibly poor diet, lack of exercise and him being 40 odd years old. When the WCT asked Chris if the "body quakes" were painful, he responded that they were "only mildly, more of an annoyance". Chris of course did not see a doctor about this.
Other deformities
"My left eye is blue, and my right eye is brown-my right is green."[76]
Chris also has mild heterochromia, which he claims is the result of pinkeye medicine that he took in high school. However, in a photo of a young Chris, his right eye is green.[77] He probably tells this story so people think he's special.
Some have pointed out that Chris has an unusually wide septum, as seen in his MySpace picture.[78] Others go as far as to say he lacks one altogether. The cause of this, like his bent duck, is as yet unknown.
See also
Autism
COVID-19
Hair
Obesity
Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis
References
↑ Mailbag 2
↑ The Place chats (October 2020)#Chaotic Rainbow Clues and Genderbent Dimension
↑ The Place chats (September 2020)#High Heart Rate
↑ https://sonichu.com/cwcki/January_2018_tweets
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20111128031730/http://archive.sonichu.com/cwcipedia/index.php?title=Private_villa_of_corrupted_citizens#I_DO.21
↑ IRC (03 January 2009)
↑ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypotonia
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (LoveYouLongTime)#Gym
↑ October 2018 social media posts#Nature walk
↑ September 2018 social media posts#Magic stones
↑ April 2018 social media posts
↑ May 2019 social media posts
↑ June 2019 social media posts
↑ The Place chats (March 2021)#Ivy Creek
↑ https://ivycreekfoundation.org/
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20140823175516/http://archive.sonichu.com/cwcipedia/index.php?title=Sonichu#C.W.C._Gets_A_Big_Power.21
↑ In an ad Chris made for Sonichu #2 Rosechu tells Sonichu that he smells good, and asks him if he bathed, like it's some kind of event. Sonichu replies that he used Axe instead, suggesting that Chris believes that using aerosol body spray is an acceptable substitute for a shower or bath.
↑ A particularly good example is the series of videos starting with 12 January 2010 and ending with U8C43P2A37A8 y U8C1N023V0L. The videos in question were shot between 12-15 January 2010, and in all of them Chris wears the same shirt.
↑ June_2020_social_media_posts#medallions
↑ Jail Letter - 16 November 2021
↑ WCT DMs#Dental appointment
↑ November 2024 social media posts#Dental and financial situation
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough Part 3
↑ Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis#Likes
↑ August 2017 tweets#Chris's prescribed medication
↑ September 2017 tweets#Chris is fat and stupid
↑ http://www.bloodpressureuk.org/BloodPressureandyou/Thebasics/Bloodpressurechart
↑ https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/1084128581360513025
↑ June 2019 social media posts#Heart attack claim
↑ File:MergeComic11.jpg
↑ [[1]]
↑ The Place chats (September 2020)
↑ Sonichu #7, page 24
↑ November 2016 Facebook posts#Hate and fear of Trump and Pence
↑ Chris's letter to Cathy Weseluck
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/13v4vtx/comment/jm4r5br/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
↑ Jackie e-mails
↑ 39.0 39.1 August_2016_Facebook_posts#House_Cleaning
↑ Common and Rare Side Effects for Estrogel transdermal. WebMD
↑ May 2015 Facebook posts
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (MasterDisaster)#Fenugreek Seeds
↑ September 2017 tweets#Chris insists he's on HRT
↑ https://archive.md/KbKpe
↑ January 2017 Facebook Posts
↑ CWC Update 4 March 2009#Video
↑ CWC Update 4 March 2009#Epilogue
↑ Mumble 11
↑ Mumble 11
↑ Mumble 12
↑ Church Visit
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#Borb vs MAGfest
↑ List of OkCupid Answers#LevelUpKing profile
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#UTI
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#UTI
↑ Voicemail greeting#6 December 2011
↑ Rocky Shoemaker call
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012#Lost Inspiration for Sonichu
↑ October 2016 Facebook posts#Chris has a cold
↑ December 2016 Facebook posts#A nugget of wisdom
↑ February 2017 Facebook Posts#Feeling sick
↑ February 2017 Facebook Posts#Countdown to 35th birthday
↑ February 2017 Facebook Posts#Countdown to 35th birthday
↑ December 2019 social media posts#UTI, Chris has
↑ December 2019 social media posts#UTI, Chris has
↑ December 2019 social media posts#UTI, Chris has
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Chris loses his voice
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Chris loses his voice
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Chris explains his triggering
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Cold update
↑ The Place chats - ProjectSNT and Opuscon789#More Seething Towards SNT
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Chris is cured
↑ February 2020 social media posts#Fresh Live Stream 2
↑ COVID-19#Vaccination
↑ February_2024_livestreams#Round_2_-_Media_Share_Suggestion_Live_Stream
↑ CWC Update 13 August 2009
↑ Image:0043-YoungChristopher2.jpg
↑ File:Myspace.jpg
v • d • e
CWC MD: Overview of Chris's health
Physical conditions and aspects
Obesity ❤️ Incontinence ❤️ Dental hygiene ❤️ Hair health ❤️ Nearsightedness ❤️ Heterochromia ❤️ Genital health ❤️ Body odor ❤️ Bodily fluids ❤️ Hearing loss ❤️ Urinary tract infections
Psychological conditions
Autism 🧠 Narcissism 🧠 Childhood Trauma (Abusive babysitter 🧠 Greene County Conspiracy) 🧠 Delusions 🧠 Gender dysphoria 🧠 Speech impediments 🧠 Tone-deafness 🧠 Anger issues 🧠 Stress 🧠 Facial blindness
Probable causes of bad health
Poor Nutrition 🍔 Parental enabling 🍔 Sedentary lifestyle (Video games) 🍔 Living conditions
Chris's attempts at improvement
Guitar Hero 🍎 Lifting things 🍎 Parkay 🍎 Lipitor 🍎 Hiking 🍎 Pull-Ups 🍎 Shower cleaning 🍎 Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis 🍎 Walking 🍎 Brony Babes 🍎 Recycling 🍎 Solaray Female Hormone Blend SP-7C‎‎ 🍎 Treadmill 🍎 Gym sessions 🍎 Weights
See also
Power Videos 🍎 COVID-19 🍎 Biology 🍎 Alcohol 🍎 Tobacky 🍎 Fitbit 🍎 Region Ten
Chris and...
Body: Drugs • Fashion • Gender • Health • Nutrition • Sex
Psyche: Coping • Manipulation • Mental healthcare • Nostalgia • Reality
Personality: Anger • Ego • Hypocrisy • Introspection • Kindness • Negligence • Personality • Remorse • Stress
Expression: Art • Censorship • English • Language • Music • Oratory • Spanish • Writing
Society: Animals • Contests • Death • The Law • Politics • Pornography • Race • Reading • Religion • Sexuality • Socialization • Sports
Business: Brand loyalty • Business • Copyright • Money • Negotiation • Work
Technology: AI • Cameras • Electronics • The Internet • Science • Television • Video Games
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris_and_health&oldid=346526"