Title: Chris emails 2008
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Chris_emails_2008
Categories: Category, E-mails
================================================================================

This page lists miscellaneous emails sent and received by Chris in 2008.
Contents
1 January
2 March
3 June
4 July
5 August
6 September
January
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: sketchybananinja@hotmail.com
Sent: Sun, 27 Jan 2008 9:59 am
Subject: Hey, Anna
I don't know if I told you about it, but a few months ago, I found this page that is degrading to my persona, http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/chris-chan/
and they've quoted what was supposedly your story, "The Crazy Pacer". I did not read much of the story, and I did not see the need to bother you about it. But recently, I got a message from someone who found the story through a link on the encyclopediadramatica page, and this person based my personality on it.
After you check out the ED page, I would like to ask you, as a friend, was that really your story, an if it was, please, to save a piece of what could be my reputation, delete it, and keep it for yourself only on your hard drive.
Thank you. Take care.
Chris Chan.
March
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: annamclerran@aim.com
Sent: Sun, 16 Mar 2008 12:23:46 AM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Hey, Anna
I hope you're doing well. Anyway, I'll get to the point; there is a way you can help on the elimination of the "Chris-chan" page on ED, basically the pages on whole ED website are wiki (similar to html editing), and setting up an account to edit the page is free; you may want to use a fake e-mail address. Anyway, you can remove the "Crazy Pacer" story from the page for starters, but be careful not to take out TOO MUCH; they may undo your doing, so you may want to make multiple edits; remove the story on the first time, then add some random thing that comes to your mind onto the bottom of the page.
I can only do so much at one time, since after I make an edit (behind their backs), they "ban" my IP address from undoing their undoing, and I have to wait a few hours to a day or two before I can anything more against them.
That's the story there.
On another topic, please let me know when you plan to access your Skype account; I'll try to call you from my PSP to properly test my headset... "Can you hear me now?"
Thank you for your help, and for caring about me. :)
Love,
Chris Chan.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: info-en-q@wikimedia.org
Sent: Wed, 19 Mar 2008
5:13:38 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Wiki Edit Lock Help
Sir, or madam, my name is Christian Weston Chandler (aka Chris Chan). There is a page on Encyclopedia Dramatica which has been dragging my name, as well as a very close gal-pal of mine, through the mud. I have been trying to get the people responsible to take the whole page down and leave it blank, but obviously failed. Today, I've tried to take the matter into my own hands by searching for the code for the "Edit Lock", so I can delete everything on the page and Lock it from anyone ever replacing the degrading information onto it again. I've found your Mediawiki Software, but I am askew with confusion on how to even install the program and all that (the unrecognizable .tar extension didn't help much either). Please help me in deleting everything on the page, and putting a Edit Lock onto it.
Thank you, and have a good day.
Christian Wetston Chandler.
Create a Home Theater Like the Pros. Watch the video on AOL Home.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: Wikimedia Support Team (Quality items) <info-en-q@wikimedia.org>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com
Sent: Thu, 20 Mar 2008 8:36 am
Subject: Re: [Ticket#2008031910022341] Wiki Edit Lock Help
Dear CWCSonichu@aol.com,
Thank you for contacting us regarding the "Chris Chan" page on Encyclopedia
Dramatica. However, the wiki you have written about is not affiliated with
the Wikimedia Foundation. Many wikis exist outside of the projects hosted by
the Wikimedia Foundation. We have no control over, nor affiliation with, those
wikis.
Please note that while other sites may also use MediaWiki software and
therefore look similar to our projects, or may have a name that includes
'Wiki-' or '-pedia', or a similar domain name, the only projects which are
part of the Wikimedia Foundation are those listed at
http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Our_projects.
You may wish to use a search engine or other resource to locate the
appropriate contact address. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have
caused you.
Yours sincerely,
Jim Redmond
--
Wikipedia - http://en.wikipedia.org
---
Disclaimer: all mail to this address is answered by volunteers, and responses
are not to be considered an official statement of the Wikimedia Foundation.
For official correspondence, please contact the Wikimedia Foundation by
certified mail at the address listed on http://www.wikimediafoundation.org
June
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: Tyler Wayne <theprimegamer@comcast.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: Fri, 13 Jun 2008 5:53 am
Subject: Re: Hey, Ty.
Christian,
Why not make arrangements to meet Megan at Mc Donalds or someplace near The Place and give her your present then.
-Tony
on 6/11/08 10:46 PM, cwcsonichu@aol.com at cwcsonichu@aol.com wrote:
I hope and you and your family are doing good and well. Summer's just startin' for you, Brianna and Caitlyn; good for y'all.
I'll get to the point, since I have been forced into hiatus from the Pokemon League by that S.O.B. Mike, I will be unable to hand-deliver the German-English Dictionary to Megan for her Birthday. I would like to meet you somewhere and entrust the Dictionary to your capable hands for delivery to Megan. My only regret is not having been able to make her smile, or see it in my vincinity, since that incident. *sigh* Anyway, please reply to where and when is convient for you.
Peace be with y'all (and for Megan and her family too, please relay that to her for me);
Christian Chandler.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: Brittany Heiman <brittanyheiman@msn.com>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: Wed, 25 Jun 2008 10:02 am
Subject: Please Read This
Dear Mr.Chandler,
Before I get to what I want to say in this e-mail, let it be known that this is NOT a hate e-mail, nor is it intended for the sole purpose of being mean to you. However, I will say that I am going to be blunt and tell you straightfoward what I want to say, which may in turn hurt you. It is up to you whether or not you would want to read this.
With that said, I want this e-mail to help you with some advice on your current "quest", as you put it, for love.
First off, it is not your fault you were born with Autism. I feel sympathy because it makes it all that more difficult to land you a girl. However, you must realize that not everyone will feel oh-so sympathetic or understand your troubles. The most saddening part of life is that not everyone will like you or the things you do, but you must move away from them and realize there are plenty of like-minded people like you.
Now, even though you have Autism, this doesn't mean that you are destined to live a horrible lonely life, but you should know that you can't use "autism" as an excuse for everything. Blaming a disorder for all the troubles in you life will not get you far. If you want others to look past your autism, you must do so as well. You must see yourself as you, regardless of what disorder you have.
I have plenty of friends with Asperger's and high-functioning autism. One of my close friends Alex has to deal with autism standing in his way of fitting in at school, yet he has a great talent of singing. He took that good thing about him and won the talent show, and gained friends. You should take the very best talent you have and expand it to the best of your ability.
Now on to your girlfriend troubles..
I think at this moment in your life, you goal shouldn't be just scoring with a chick, but making friends. If I'm correct, you have a MySpace. Try finding people in your area that share you like for video games. Be it a guy, don't ignore him. After all, he does have his friends, some of who may be single girls.
You also need to not set your expectations so high. I'm not saying you should go off and date the nearest obese black lady. However, what you need most is dating experience. After having been through various relationships, you can get past that akward "approaching" phase with confidence. Think of meeting a girl as a friend, not as a future life partner.
Also, I do not mean to offend, but the whole sign thing has to go. If it hasn't worked for the past 8 or so years, it probably won't work now. To us females, it shows you as someone who lacks the confidence to go up to someone. Women want someone who can have the courage to break the ice and start a conversation. Maybe if you see a nice girl with a dog in the park, start with something simple like complimenting how cute/burly/adorable her dog is. Then you can go on and start a conversation about your dog and what it looked like, etc...
Any compliment about her can most likely be used as a convo starter, aside from pick-up lines and the plain creepy.
Another thing you may want to work on is...your wardrobe. I have to say that you I feel as if it's trapped in the 80's. Also, your Sonichu medallion..oh man, this really hurts to break it to you, but...it'd be best left at home. Sorry man, but it's like one giant pussy deflector. That's all I can say about it, and I'm trying my best not to be harsh about it here.
You may want to revise your MySpace profiles and such a bit. When you talk about marrige and the like in your profile, it'd tend to ward off women, for they'll feel that if they even talk to you that they'd be all of a sudden committed. Talking about marrige should wait when you and her feel it's right.
I hope this will help you in your "girlfriend" quest. I know that Encyclopedia Dramatica will keep their article up about you, but if you move on and not bother talking about it or vandilize it, it'll soon be forgotten. Anonymous feeds off of you being upset over the article. Once you move on and forget about it, the sooner you can live a better life.
Please Reply Soon,
Some Random Gaiafag
July
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: theprimegamer@comcast.net
Sent: Sat, 12 Jul 2008 3:16 am
Subject: More words to add, since I was typing the earlier message on my PSP...
I've only had a few things to keep me sane, my video games (mostly Guitar Hero), my family, going to church, and the ocassional outtings with my family. Seriously, I really miss my fridays at the Pokemon League.
BTW, Ty, did you get your Playstation 3 yet? If you have, please send me a Friend Request through the PSN; my PSN ID is "Sonichu". How are you on Guitar Hero III's "Raining Blood", and the other songs in that final set? I tell you what, "Raining Blood" is so darn difficult on any difficulty. My Hammer-Ons/Pull-Offs are good, but it is really difficult for me when the notes are so close together in a tight H-O/P-O stream.
But I digress, please send my regards to everyone at the League, especially Megan and John.
Peace;
Christian Chandler.
P.S.
I've sent an apology letter to Michael at the Game Place; I hope that he will have an open heart, accept the apology and allow me back into The Place. Otherwise, if his heart was so dang sealed shut, he would really be showing himself off as the biggest Jerk and potential B-tard.
August
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: oreilly@foxnews.com
Cc: Dateline@NBCUNI.com; Nightly@NBC.com
Sent: Wed, 6 Aug 2008
3:30:32 AM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Re-report of Massively Hurtful Mockery
I wish to re-report the heinous webpage of worst levels of mockery against me,
This webpage (http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/Chris-chan) has been haunting me since it originated around Halloween, 2007; I have previously reported it, but no response. I have recently received an e-mail from the Original Person who is responsible for putting it up in the first place. I have TWO sources that marks him red-handed; under "edit", if you check the VERY FIRST name that contributed to the page, it is "HowellGames". And the e-mail from him at howellgames@gmail.com, his name is Jason Kendrick Howell, as he states in his e-mail. Further, to quote the e-mail,
"Hello Chris, this is howellgames. The creator of the ED page for you.
My, my, you seemed rather angry about it in your last youtube video! A few months ago, you asked me why I made the page for you. My reason? You were too damn funny to ignore. I have nothing against you personally, but you really need to let go of some of that anger you have. Also, the page will not be brought down.
Toodles!
Sincerely,
Howellgames, AKA Liquid Snake, AKA Jason Kendrick Howell"
I want that webpage taken down FOREVER, because it drags my good name through the mud with such high levels of hatred, and sexually explicit trash, and constant harassment as further entries were inputed from him and many others who hate me "For the LULZ" (Laughs at my expense). Also, massive misuse of my original hand-drawn Sonichu content, and then some. Please E-Mail me when you all are on the verge of taking Jason Kendrick Howell, and the Encyclopedia Dramatica webpage, down for good and forever.
And with your televised support, and FBI-type of people among your known people, I will feel better and safer in knowing that webpage is on its way OFF THE WEB.
Sincerely;
Christian Weston Chandler, Mr.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: elizabethfoss22@earthlink.net
Sent: Tue, 12 Aug 2008 7:44 pm
Subject: Hey, Elizabeth
This is just a heads-up. You're familar [sic] of my relationship status; I've been socializing on the web exercising caution. Also taking note of possible liars and trojan horses from those who mock me in such slanderous ways. (http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/Chris-chan has been pestering me for almost a year, but thank our Lord and God that
that website is finally on the verge of being removed for good).
Anyway, to confirm the identity of "women" who have contacted me in e-mails, I've been pondering what would be the most comfortable way for me to confirm the identity and intentions for myself. Then it hit me earlier today, I could refer her to my most trustworthy friend, and she can talk to her for me and let me know. And, well, I couldn't think of anyone better than you, my neighborhood friendly Reverend. :) I felt it wise to check in with you to see how you feel about me referring you, and if any of the internet women who contacted me should come in that you can converse with her a bit and letting me know from your impression. Please let me know how you feel about that.
Peace,
Christian Chandler.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: sonichufan1985@gmail.com
Sent: Tue, 12 Aug 2008 8:12 pm
Subject: Re: Hi Mr. Chandler this is Sonichufan1985
Well, Robert, or may I call you Bob (which happens to be my father's name as well, but he likes to be called Bob)? If I may quote my new blog on my MySpace page, which was also a reply to a black male who e-mailed me inquiring if I was prejudiced.
"It is also proven that Majority of the Male Population are arrogant,
ignorant of others' feelings and emotions, rarely give full thought to
their actions before executing them, testosterone driven, more for
danger than Peace. A lot of women will likely have the same feelings
against the Males they encounter. Yet among all the women, they find
the FEW among the males who are the opposite of the traits I have just
listed, and they accept them for not only their potential husbands, but
their True Emotional supporters and providers."
So, from the considerably sterotypical qualities of majority of the male population, yet well-proven facts, they ARE just jerks, looking for cheap laughs at others' expense. ED is losing their power, and so is a great chunk of cheap laughs at peoples' expenses. I feel that if someone wants a cheap laugh at others expenses, just turn on the TV, and leave those laughs there; don't take them with you in public.
Also, let20me ask you, considering the 50/50 chance of you having watched "Family Guy" or not. How do you feel aboutMegan Marie Griffin? Honestly, in my humble opinion, I meant what I said about Megan Marie Griffin. She is NOT ugly; she has always been a beautiful catch in my eyes. I just do not understand how anyone would see Megan as ugly, and I feel it is very pitiful that Seth McFarline would make her the "punching bag" of most everyone else on the show, when clearly she does not deserve such torturous punishment. I am in the same boat as she is, if you think about it; I'm the punching bag of the jerks on ED who are getting their heinous "LULZ" (a rehash of LOL, meaning "Laugh Out Loud"), but in my opinion, LULZ means "Laughs Under Lucricities," which is obviously not good.
Two more things I will let you know about, in the comment I left in your video with the song, when I thanked you, I honestly meant that in a good way. I hoped after reading that comment, it made your day. And after watching that video, I am considering dedicating two or three pages in the comic I've resumed work on to me interviewing you, based on your video(s). Keep that under your hat; the Ghostbuster/Family Guy parody I've provided was enough of a foretaste.
Also, I don't know where Christiansburg is, but it sounds like it's way more than 25 miles from Rucker
sville and Charlottesville, so thank you for your offer there. And while I would have nothing to do beyond having to tolerate most of the male population, you have earned yourself a respectable spot in my margin-of-error for acquaintances, the President, celebrities and my father and other relatives. It was good to make your acquaintance, Bob.
Peace;
Christian Weston Chandler.
PS
You do not need to be so formal, just "Chris" will suffice.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: clarinetangel@hotmail.com
Sent: Fri, 15 Aug 2008 10:03 am
Subject: Hello, Kat, I am Christian Chandler
You may or may not know me (depending on how often you're on the internet, and if you've found me by reference or search), but I have something to tell you about your "cuddle-butt", Jason. He has been playing a Major Cog in the Slander Factory known as Encyclopedia Dramatica, and among all the innocent victims that the website has vandalized beyond the worst embarrassment known to mankind within their grasp, your bully of a boyfriend is the Original Author of the "Chris-chan" page that was put up there for the "LULZ", "Laughs Under Lucricities". Which I don't have to tell you is not only mean and cruel, the page is HORRIBLE.
Against me, that page has broken the closest thing I've had to a relationship with Megan Schroeder, who I've finally had at her first time of saying with feeling, "I Love You" to me, then she found that page and she broke up with me. It broke my heart.
Also, the chaos from the page broke up the buddy friendship between me and my buddy, Joshua Martinez, who attended Special Ed classes with me during our childhood.
And after the first time I found that page myself, I went into a spiral of rage against that machine, that with the break-ups and chaos, I became depre
ssed and went into a forced-by-personal-emotions hiatus.
There are numerous other chaotic happenings that raged from the ED page, but I can't remember them all.
Anyway, the point is, if it wasn't for your "Bully Next Door", I would not have to have had to endure the stress, emotional pains, break-ups, self-torments, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera!!!
Who knows what he may have in mind against you in relation. While he may have started with me, or possibly any one or more of the victims on Encyclopedia Dramatica, who knows when he will do something similarly evil or worse against you.
Oh, BTW, in other states, it IS illegal for his 20-year old self to be Dating 17-year old you.
My apologies for informing you and possibly causing emotional stress and rage, but I felt it was my duty to inform you before it was too late.
Peace,
Christian Weston Chandler.
September
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: Elizabeth Foss <elizabethfoss22@earthlink.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: Tue, 16 Sep 2008 3:35 am
Subject: Re: I'm warning you about a mistake I made from being deceived
Dear Christian,
I know this hurt you, and I understand that repentence was part of the process of responding to this occurance. Repentence means "turning away," which means that it is important not only to feel badly about what one has done, but also to take steps to turn away from the behavior--remember what Marty Peterman said about not sending anything over the internet you wouldn't want your grandmother to see. The internet offers anyone the opportunity to create any identity they wish; it's easy to deceive people if that's what they want to do. This means you have to be smarter than they are and not play their games.
I was hoping that meeting with Marty would help you to do that, so I've been surprised by this recent turn of events. Did you know that we have a new staff member at church? I am wondering if you might find talking with her to be helpful; I know talking with men is difficult for you, and she is a woman. Her name is Rocky Shoemaker and she is a pastoral counselor, which means that she is a pastor but also someone trained to listen and help people with personal struggles and difficulties.
I would be glad to meet with you and with Rocky together, to see if talking with her would be a good place to talk about your feelings related to what has happened with Kawaii Kitsune and your quest for a sweetheart. I trust Rocky and think she is very good at what she does. We are both available on Thursday afternoon--please give me a time that would be convenient for you.
I know God has heard your pain, and the church wants to be helpful to you. I hope you will be in touch.
Blessings,
Elizabeth
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
>From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
>Sent: Sep 11, 2008 11:20 PM
>To: elizabethfoss22@earthlink.net
>Subject: I'm warning you about a mistake I made from being deceived
>
>My ex-friend, Blanca W, AKA Kawaii Kitsune, and I recently had an
>exchange of e-mails; she was ready to open up to me more, in an
>exchange of digital photos. So she asked me for some, and I got some
>from her, or rather HIM. He turned out to be a TROLL who went to the
>max to Deceive me and Played me for a Fool. So, HE UPLOADED the pics I
>SENT to him onto the ED page. It was NOT MY FAULT, because he FOOLED
>ME ONCE, Shame on HIM. Anyway, I feel just terrible and miserable
>about it, and I ask that you NOT hold me against the misdeed, should
>you become informed through an "Anonymous" E-Mail".
>
>I've repented my misdeed to our God and our Lord; I hope my trusted
>reverend will forgive me as well.
>
>Peace,
>Christian C.
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: YouTube Service <service@youtube.com>
To: Sonichu <CWCSonichu@aol.com>
Sent: Wed, 17 Sep 2008 3:08 pm
Subject: Message from GreyMace: What to Do.
GreyMace has sent you a message on YouTube:
What to Do.
Change the password. Give it to no one else. Don't post around or in anyway that would suggest you are not him. If you do you contaminate the possibility for further action.
He logs in to youtube probably daily. For a while he may think he's entering his password wrong. After the trolling he has become cautious so the possibility will come to his mind sooner rather than later. Try to be quick in figuring out what you want to do with the opportunity. I suppose you'll want to make it count.
Good luck.
You can reply to this message by visiting your inbox.
© 2008 YouTube, LLC
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris_emails_2008&oldid=307956"