Title: Chris and fashion
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Clown_shirt
Categories: Things bought with taxpayer money, Pages with fan videos, Chris and..., Concepts influenced by Idea Guy, Articles of the Now
================================================================================

YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!The contents of this page have been bought with taxpayer money!
“
Oh yeah, you just love to see me in my- in the old red, white and blue.
”
Chris to Kacey[1]
Fashion passes...
...for a few decades, at least.
Chris has a somewhat peculiar taste in fashion. Although he is willing to spend thousands of dollars on video games, toys, and sex dolls, Chris is very stingy when it comes to shopping for his clothes, which are usually purchased secondhand at thrift stores like The Salvation Army and Goodwill. Prior to coming out as transgender, the majority of shirts he owned were colorful collared shirts and undersized rugby shirts - most of which were decorated with horizontal stripes, which, despite being scientifically proven to have a slimming effect [2], have any such potential effects crushed by Chris's impressive physique. Mailbag 42 revealed that at least one of these shirts (the "Advice Dog") was purchased by his mother. Though his mother didn't directly dress him anymore, Chris still chose to wear these shirts. The advent of Chris's transgender shift was accompanied by a change to garb that may have been more feminine but was equally cheap and hideous.
Contents
1 Youth to adult
1.1 Childhood
1.2 Trademark clothing
1.3 The "IBA" outfit
1.4 The "Gay Trucker" outfit
1.5 The Carlos Chantor outfit
2 Transgender fashion sense
2.1 Early fashion
2.2 Late fashion
3 Notable outfits
3.1 Gopnik outfit
3.2 The Vinyl Scratch
3.3 "Breathe It In"
4 Headgear
5 Rings
6 Chris on fashion
7 Theory of fashion
8 Classic Wardrobe
8.1 Shirts
8.2 Pants
9 Cross-dressing Boutique
9.1 Shirts
9.2 Pants/Skirts
9.3 Accessories
10 Other aspects of his Fashion sense
10.1 Custom-painted shoes
10.2 Wrist warmer
10.3 Fanny pack
10.4 Cosplaying
11 Fan video
12 Sources
Youth to adult
Childhood
Ernie also enjoys "The Classic".
In his youth, Chris set the general tone for years to come with many striped polos, T-shirts, and khaki pants. The only difference compared to adulthood is that he sometimes dared to wear single-colored shirts with his favorite game and television characters on them. The only articles of clothing he was seen in until the summer of 2010 that didn't follow the "long-sleeved, colorful clown suit" theme were the yellow Pokémon T-shirt that he owned since he was 19 and a Sonic Heroes T-shirt he wore throughout 2004. They did not look particularly good on him.
Trademark clothing
See also: The Classic
The Classic, pictured in April 2017, after Chris recovered it from the hoard.
Artist's vision of Chris's typical outfit, featuring "the Horizontal Horror".
The Classic 2.0 in the wild
This is the original and most iconic look of Chris, the standard until mid-2011. It is a look immortalized in his comic book self-insertion. His outfit usually consisted of:
His favorite shirt, a Ralph Lauren[3] Rugby Stripe Sueded Polo, which was so tight that it accentuated his voluptuous, masculine bosom. This is the shirt that Chris almost invariably drew himself wearing in the comics. Trolls came to call it the "clown shirt" or "The Classic". It was thought destroyed in the 2014 fire that gutted the Chandler house,[4] but later resurfaced for sale in 2017, when Chris listed it for a minimum price of $12,000 due to the Financhu Crisis. He had found it in a bag of damp, moldy clothes, wet from the water the firefighters had used to extinguish the flames when his house burned three years prior. He washed it, and then wore it for the first time in years when he uploaded Live Game Stream - C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt. The shirt was thrown out by Barb in mid-2018 - since then, Chris has worn a similar-looking shirt, with orange stripes instead of red.
A t-shirt undershirt, typically white.
His medallions (sporadically) and his High School Ring.
A pair of pedo-glasses attached to a chain.
Jeans or khaki slacks. Chris's jeans typically defined his rear end to a disturbing level — he may have been wearing women's jeans, or he may have been simply wearing pants his gut long ago outgrew.
The Belt Buckle of Fail.
Alternatively, a green terrycloth bathrobe with a mismatched (of course) black belt on occasions when he's in the mood for recycling, or when even getting dressed would involve too much stress.
On occasion, a dark suit jacket, perhaps for funerals or church.
During the winter months, a dark blue parka with orange and yellow stripes to enhance visibility.
Starting in late 2009, a bra to keep his previously mentioned bosom in check.
The "IBA" outfit
The "IBA" outfit, one of his most fashionable choices yet.
In mid-June 2009, roughly around the time he made certain friends, Chris temporarily decided that his current look was old-hat. He got rid of many of the striped shirts (mostly because he couldn't fit into them anymore) and grew a goatee.
The reformed Chris's wardrobe consisted of:
A plain-colored T-shirt worn over a long-sleeved shirt.
Tattoo sleeves.
A black vest (unbuttoned) that was too small for his girth.
A dog tag worn around the neck as a substitute for the medallion.
A goatee.
Sunglasses over normal glasses (the glasses chain remains)
His new attire was first properly presented to the world in the Rollin' and Trollin' video.
Soon afterward, however, he went back to sporting his traditional clown shirts and claimed that he had been pressured into making the Rollin' and Trollin' video. However, on the same day he shaved his beard, he drew the first picture of Collosal Chan, a character which preserved the look for all eternity.
The "Gay Trucker" outfit
Notice how his pose in this picture is eerily reminiscent of his pose in ShecameforCWC.JPG.
After he promised to leave the Internet in the spring of 2010, Chris threw away his clown shirts, ditched the medallion for several months (it returned in September), and picked up a new wardrobe in an attempt to look like a normal person. This included:
A denim jacket from Goodwill that he cut the sleeves off of, making it look somewhat like a gilet.[5]
A sleeveless white shirt, exposing his pale, flabby upper arms.
The dog tag from his IBA outfit.
A baseball cap.
The result was a modified version of the IBA outfit. It has been observed that when Chris tries to look like a bad boy, he ends up looking like a gay trucker, hence the trolls' term for his new wardrobe.
The only way he could have made it look gayer would have been by combining it with his muscle bra. Which, unfortunately, he did. And in public. At this point, going back to the medallion would have actually improved his chances of picking up gal-pals.
Deftly combining what Chris has too much of and what he will never have with a non-prostitute or his mother.
With the arrival of the gay trucker outfit also came an interest in T-shirts that boldly expressed Chris's desire for sex, often in exceedingly tasteless ways. The first clear look at one of these shirts was in a profoundly disturbing video leaked in late April 2010 which featured Chris wearing a parody shirt that changed the Mountain Dew logo so it read "Mount and Do Me". Fans hoped that since this was a private video for a potential sweetheart, Chris didn't intend to dress like that outside his bedroom. Alas, Chris destroyed any hope of that being the case on 18 June 2010 when he wore a shirt that said "Enjoy Vagina" to Fridays After Five – a public, family-oriented concert. He topped this by pulling that shirt over his head and standing around in his muscle bra, on which he had written: "WANT WOMAN!". The common belief was that these unfunny, sexually-themed shirts were the next evolution of the attraction sign, a way for him to inform potential mates that he is available without ever having to talk to people, nor spend any effort in making a sign.
In late August 2010, Chris returned to the Internet with a series of videos in which he sported simple, loose-fitting T-shirts. The effect was interesting, bringing him closer to normality than he'd been in many years. He was still a pale, sweaty, balding, fat, pathetically weak manchild, but in Ruckersville, that put him reasonably close to the mainstream.
A number of Chris's T-shirts appear to have been with him for a decade or more – a Manchester High shirt, a souvenir shirt from the BrickFest event in 2000, and a Pokémon trainer shirt from the Books-a-Million where Chris played card games between 1998 and 2000. Either he's willing to keep shirts that have some personal significance around for a very long time, or his packrat tendencies prevent him from throwing any of them away.
The Carlos Chantor outfit
His best outfit yet. Too bad it did not last.
A single picture of Chris posing as a male prostitute was posted on Escorts.com. It is significant because it implies that Chris can dress like a normal human being if he wants to remain inconspicuous.
The black shirt and sunglasses he is wearing are never seen in any later pictures.
Transgender fashion sense
Early fashion
He made himself into a sweetheart from the ground-up.
Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me. I'd fuck me HARD.
A hemline this high leaves little to the imagination.
In April 2011, a series of leaked pictures showed Chris dressed in women's clothing in public. This outfit consisted of:
Bright green nail polish
Earrings (a purple glass stud and a blue ring) - Note that piercing the right ear is traditionally code for homosexuality; guess which one Chris pierced twice?
Women's sandals
Blue eye shadow
Jeans
Blue string top
Black thong
A silver ring (Note that silver rings have been used to symbolize a pledge of abstinence until marriage)[6][7]
A red and blue sweater vest (tank top) with a red shirt underneath it
Red lipstick
A new pair of glasses
A new head-band (as seen in the Facebook pictures)
While not seen in the leaked images, Chris's posts in Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia revealed he also donned skirts and panties as part of his new look.[8][9] In September 2011, Chris was also photographed carrying a purse.
Chris was very happy with his new fashion choices, but friction with his parents made it difficult for him to wear makeup and women's clothing overtly. Sometimes he had to change after leaving the house or before returning (but he could always wear a bra and panties).[10]
Late fashion
Chris in December 2014. Note that he thought that this was a convincing disguise that would prevent him from being recognized at Gamestop.
Chris continued to wear female clothing, albeit with some refinements, over the course of the next couple of years. Although he has long since dispensed with the clownish polo shirts and jeans, many characteristics of his tomgirl wardrobe are remarkably consistent with the way he dressed when he still wore men's clothing, especially in terms of color coordination and clothing size. He also remains committed to buying all his clothes from thrift stores, giving him the appearance of a dumpy bag lady. He summarized his style in November 2014 as "colored leggings, denim skirts mini to knee length, bold colored shirts and blouses".[11] Some of the most frequent themes in his feminine fashion choices are:
Clashing, violently-opposed colors (particularly red with blue or green)
Clothing far too small for him
Dresses or skirts with very high hems
Leggings, to help with tucking
Sports bras
Big, floppy, church-lady hats
Eye makeup, applied poorly and usually purple or blue in color
A deviation from this style was seen in the video of the 26 December 2014 incident, where Chris is shown in purple My Little Pony shades, (probably as a disguise); a silver headband, showing off his ever-receding hairline; his Manchester High sweatshirt; short jeans matched with long, purple socks and/or another pair of pants; and boots (possibly Uggs).
The fact that Chris wore skirts and makeup for each of his court hearings in 2015, even those to which Barb accompanied him, suggests that he consistently dresses this way in public, and that his mother has come to grudgingly accept her son's transgender attire.
In 2015, Chris also started dying his hair blue, but predictably failed to do it properly, and ended up dying it an ugly, seaweed green instead. Combined with his wardrobe that manages to somehow simultaneously resemble the attire of a 5 year old girl and a 65 year old cat lady, the resulting look has been sardonically referred to by fans as "mermaid grandma".
Notable outfits
Gopnik outfit
„А ну, чики-брики!“
In December 2017, Chris appeared in a video dressed as a classic Russian gopnik, wearing a striped black Adidas tracksuit jacket (with his usual ugly skirt) and cap, drinking a bottle of vodka. The full ensemble, as Chris wore for his famous appearance at MAGfest in January 2018, consists of the cap, jacket (often unzipped over another shirt), and a pair of matching tracksuit pants (often under a skirt). However, he often swaps out the pants, and sometimes wears one element of the outfit on its own. Chris first wore the Gopnik outfit under the Idea Guy's influence but seems to have adopted it as a mainstay of his wardrobe. In February 2018, he introduced a new model of the Christine Doll with the tracksuit's stripes and logo painted on. In April 2018, Chris drew himself in the Gopnik outfit on the cover of Sonichu #17. As recent as of December 2023, Chris has been spotted in public wearing a pink version of the Adidas tracksuit jacket and the cap.
The Vinyl Scratch
Chris wearing the classic with the Vinyl Scratch Skirt.
“The Vinyl Scratch” is a white tube skirt with a double whole music note. In 2015, Chris attended OmegaCon cosplaying as Vinyl Scratch (stage name DJ Pon-3), from the My Little Pony: “Equestria Girls” franchise, the whole note resembling her cutie mark in her pony form. However, after the convention, Chris would continue to wear the skirt that came with the outfit almost daily, likely not washing it very often, up until his arrest.
"Breathe It In"
An illustration of the shirt
A sample showing Chris wearing the shirt in videos spanning several months.
The Breathe It In shirt is an Athletic Works Walmart-brand women's top frequently worn by Chris beginning in mid-2018. He explained his attachment to the shirt in a tweet, commenting that "the message is always relative to the daily life and situations: “Breathe It In”."[12]
The shirt was a favorite of Chris's, which he wore quite often like he did with The Classic. Some spectators joked about the irony of the "Breathe It In" phrase against the potential odor from frequent wear. It's possible it could very well be a replacement for The Classic since he has worn it quite frequently ever since the original was thrown away, despit e Chris obtaining a Mark 2 version of The Classic.
On 3 October 2023, Chris was sighted at the Game Junkies store in Roanoke wearing what initially seemed to be the shirt. In Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Resurrected and Returned, his first video since the Jail Saga, it was revealed to be a similar-looking shirt with "Peace - Love - Cure" written on it. However, the original "Breathe it In" shirt returned in Simple Existential Q&A.
Headgear
From 2017-2021, Chris increasingly wore various tiaras and crowns (alongside his Sonichu Medallion) for his shenanigans both indoors and out. Chris has since stopped wearing such headgear, with no explanation given.
The unicorn cosplay in summer 2017.
A Sailor Moon tiara in summer 2018.
Sailor Moon tiara in summer 2018.
Sailor Moon tiara with headbands in summer 2018, at the Region Ten therapist office.
A CPU wire tiara in summer 2019.
A crown for holding magic stones against his forehead in spring 2020.
A tiara Null requested Chris to pose in during February 2021 for a Kiwi Farms silver coin design for the Kiwi Farms merch.[13]
Rings
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• info on rings
Chris's rings, pictured June 2021.
Chris has worn rings as part of his outfit before. Initially he started with his Amnyfest Ring, which Chris got as a souvenir at Manchester High School. He would later expand to wearing another ring after becoming a tomgirl. He then began wearing three more later on, with two of them being his parents' wedding rings repurposed for his polyamorous marriage to a gaggle of fictional characters.[14]
The WCT: is there anything from your parents that you cherish the most?
Chris: Their wedding rings, for one thing, and now they’re a link between I and Magi-Chan and Cryzel (both of which are white gold); the silverish ring on the middle finger is with Sylvana, and the Nathan Drake replica ring is with Mewtwo.
Chris on fashion
Chris in a dungaree dress and leggings, 2018
In November 2016, Chris posted a commentary on women's fashion.
In it, Chris implored women to wear skirts with leggings instead of pants, saying to "view it from a pervert's perception: they eye downward and have Good view of the in-between, as well as easier access to picture it in their imaginations from there. With a dress or skirt concealing the area, it is actually more difficult for the perv, and, thus, more difficult to picture and imagine what is or isn't at the groin area."
He also requested men to consider wearing kilts - stressing to wear pants underneath, saying, "NOBODY is impressed with that bulge; moreover, it is Absolutely Offensive," which indicates that Chris has shifted from obsessing over men's chests to obsessing over their crotches.
Theory of fashion
The clothes that Christian chooses seem almost like a costume for him, especially his infamous striped shirt. Given that he is autistic, observers speculate that he may have difficulty with identifying things visually, including himself. In Sonichu #7, he alluded to having to take time to study his appearance in a mirror, possibly wearing the shirt in question.
Chris seems to regard clothing and color as an integral part of people's identities. During the events of the Liquid Saga, Chris took a special interest in Liquid's choice of a brown striped shirt, referring to Liquid as a "Brown-Striped Impostor"[15] and fixating on Liquid's shirt as a symbol of his inauthenticity, despite the fact that Chris owns several brown shirts himself. Chris also believed that police officers wearing brown or beige uniforms weren't authentic, and that true police officers only wear blue and black. He referred to the man he pepper sprayed as a Yellow-Shirted Foe – and let's not forget that the macing was inspired by Sega changing Sonic's arms from tan to blue.
Like many of his lifestyle changes that occurred during the Tomgirl Saga, Chris's unceremonious abandonment of his classic shirts came as a surprise to trolls who had spent years speculating on Chris's clothing as a symbol of his identity, and his usual resistance to change as a symptom of his autism. However, even in retrospect, Chris seems to hold the clothes he used to wear in very high regard as a symbol of his identity and legacy, as shown when he listed "The Classic" on eBay for a whopping $12,000. Writing after the end of the auction, Chris felt the need to commemorate the occasion with some words:[16]
“
Yes, the shirt's auction has ended high, but I am still awaiting payment from the mother of one of my fans, who, unless remains anonymous, will have her name go down in History for not only restoring a very Iconic Artifact but also improves this artist's family's life, After the restoration and disinfection of the shirt. Her most grateful son will be proud of her for having gone down in history for Restoring the Fire-Survivor Iconic Shirt of Sonichu and Rosechu's Creator. Thank You, Missus.
”
Chris on why history books should remember the momentous occasion wherein some dumbass bought a moldy piece of cloth from another dumbass
Not only is this statement extremely egotistical even by CWC's standards, but it also betrays the fact that Chris continues to treat a shirt that he let rot in a plastic bag for two years with an undue amount of gravitas. It seems that Chris views the clothing he has worn over the course of his life, much like the various names he has had, as an important symbol of his identity as it has twisted and changed. Because autistics are known to place extreme importance on inanimate objects, this can be seen as standard autistic behavior.
Classic Wardrobe
Below is a gallery of most of Chris's wardrobe prior to 2011, along with links to the videos they appeared in:
Shirts
"The Classic"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
"The Advice Dog"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
"The Impostor"1 2
"The Napoleon"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
"The Racing Stripe"1 2 3 4 5
"The Power Ranger"1 2 3
"The Dunwich Horror"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
"The Two-Face"1 2 3 4 5
"The Poké-Master"1 2
"The Horizontal Horror"1
"The Jerkop"1 2
"The Greasy Flag"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
"The Star Fleet Captain"1
"The Scuderia Autistirarri"1 2
"The Flag-Waving Patriot"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
"The Captain Falcon"1 2 3
"The DangerStripe"1 2 3 4 5
"The Cyclone Joker" 1 2 3 4 5 6
"The Swamp Monster"1 2 3 4 5
"The Traffic Light"1 2 3 4 5 6
"The Pokémanchild"1 2 3 4
"The Rugby of Shame"1
"The PaRappa Shirt"1 2
"The Statesmen"1 2 3
"The Muscle Bra"1 2 3 4
"The Muscle Bra 2"1 2
"The Dirty Dashiki"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
"The Mount and Do Me"1
"The Duckie"1 2 3 4
"The Shamrock Shake"1 2 3
"The Shamrock Stripes"1 2 3 4 5 6 7
"The Burgundy Nightmare"1
"The Burgundy Nightmare Redux"1 2
"The Bumblebee"1 2
"The Intimidator"1 2 3 4 5 6 7
"The Rainbow Flag"1
"The Big Green"1 2
"The White Trash"1 2 3 4
"The Happy Jack"1 2 3 4 5
"The Bordeaux Butcher"1
"The Ivory Poacher"1
"The Virginian Monkey" 1
Pants
"The Classic Jeans"
"The Khaki Slacker"
"The Mellow Yellow"
Cross-dressing Boutique
In recent years, Chris has ditched the clown shirts, instead opting for an arguably worse wardrobe, see below:
Shirts
"The Clopper"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
"The Shattered Heart"1 2 3 4 5
"The Broken Brony" 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
"The Promoter"1
"The Sonic Rainboom"1 2
"The Happy Hag"1 2 3 4 5 7 6 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
"The Deal Maker"1 2
"The Bubblegum Nightmare"1 2 3
"The Toothpaste Tube" 1
"The Manly Chester"1 2
"The Big Baggy Blue"1 2 3
"The Manchild Meltdown" 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
"The Classic 2.0"1 2 3 4 5
"The Tri Poloski"1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
"The Lavender Lingerie"1 2 3
"The Ruckersville Mother Fucker"1 2 3
"The New Age Funk"1
"The Tracker"1 2 3 4
"The Classic 3.0" 1 2
Pants/Skirts
"The Southwestern Sweats"
"The Vinyl Scratch"
Accessories
"The Unicorn Cosplay"
"The Crystal and Gem Necklace"
"The Brony Bruisers"
Other aspects of his Fashion sense
Custom-painted shoes
Spray-painted in Sonichu's colors.
In May 2020 after being sold to Jacob Sockness
Chris wears shoes that he sloppily spray-paints blue and yellow. He demonstrated his technique in Shoe Colouring. They would later be sold to Jacob Sockness on 12 March 2019.
Wrist warmer
Wrist warmer
“
Yes, it is a part of my necklace; it's a "Wilson" wrist-warmer I use to cover the discomfort of the number of Links back there.
”
Chris[17][public source needed]
Chris likely wears this article to counter sensory defensiveness, a condition common among autistics, in which a normally harmless sensation directly triggers a fight-or-flight reaction.
Fanny pack
A fanny pack (known as a "bum bag" in the British Commonwealth) is a small fabric pouch secured with a zipper and worn by use of a strap around the hips or waist. Fanny packs reached the peak of their popularity in the late 1980s and early-to-mid 1990s, and were considered to be a fashion faux pas until the late 2010s.[18] Naturally, Chris wore them throughout the 1990s and 2000s.
Chris in 2024 wearing trans flag patterned socks, anime leggings, denim shorts, medallion and blue hair.
Chris and Mrs. Sanford.
Chris with Kellie Andes. Chris would have, for the first time in his life, looked like he dressed sharp if it wasn't for the fanny pack. Note the award that Kellie is holding.
Cosplaying
Main article: Cosplaying
Fan video
Ms. Christine Weston Chandler - Drip Like Me
Click to load content
Direct link
Youtube, archive
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Sources
↑ Kacey Call 2
↑ https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-superhuman-mind/201502/what-makes-you-look-fat-vertical-or-horizontal-lines?amp
↑ In Live Game Stream - C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt, Chris claims the polo is actually a Ralph Lauren.
↑ eBay comment: "I lost the shirt in the fire" http://contact.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ShowAllQuestions&iid=191232666489&requested=jesusguidesme2&redirect=0&frm=2047675&ShowASQAlways=1&ssPageName=PageAskSellerQuestion_VI
↑ Kacey Call 2
↑ File:TG6.jpg - Chris-Tran with his new silver ring
↑ silverringthing.com
↑ Re: Girly Things Tee Hee
↑ Re: Mothers
↑ Jackie E-mails 25
↑ Commissions#The Flufflehugs Commissions
↑ August 2019 social media posts#"Magi-Chan" explains how he got into this world
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Chris's Photo for Coin Merch
↑ The Place chats (June 2021)
↑ SingStar Challenge
↑ April 2017 Facebook posts#Barb borrowed from life insurance
↑ Email from Chris posted in old PVCC thread 162
↑ http://shine.yahoo.com/channel/beauty/once-reviled-fanny-packs-get-a-high-fashion-makeover-and-an-even-higher-pricetag-2452640#photoViewer=1
Chris and...
Body: Drugs • Fashion • Gender • Health • Nutrition • Sex
Psyche: Coping • Manipulation • Mental healthcare • Nostalgia • Reality
Personality: Anger • Ego • Hypocrisy • Introspection • Kindness • Negligence • Personality • Remorse • Stress
Expression: Art • Censorship • English • Language • Music • Oratory • Spanish • Writing
Society: Animals • Contests • Death • The Law • Politics • Pornography • Race • Reading • Religion • Sexuality • Socialization • Sports
Business: Brand loyalty • Business • Copyright • Money • Negotiation • Work
Technology: AI • Cameras • Electronics • The Internet • Science • Television • Video Games
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris_and_fashion&oldid=348884"