Title: Chris and sex
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Hanky_panky
Categories: Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Chris and..., Concepts influenced by Idea Guy
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
Health disclosure: This article contains in-depth discussion of Chris's physical and/or mental health. This page is not to be construed as a substitute for medical advice or a professional diagnosis. All diagnoses are either taken from outside documentation or based on amateur analysis.
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• Information regaring Chris' sexual frustration, and how he copes with it
Chris has a warped view of sexual intercourse (a.k.a. hanky-panky and romps in the hay[1]), mostly stemming from stunted sexual development, a sheltered upbringing, and the twisted, disjointed worldview he acquired as a result. He first developed an understanding of sex from watching softcore porn on HBO at around age 16. He describes pornographic films as "educational".[2]
Contents
1 Knowledge of sex
1.1 Reproductive Biology
1.2 Books on the Subject
2 Moral Basis
2.1 Straightness
2.2 Religion
2.3 Sexism
3 Chris in the act
3.1 Contraceptives
4 Sexual Frustration
5 Means of Coping with Sexual Frustration
5.1 Masturbation and Porn Consumption
5.2 Drawing Porn
5.3 Sex Toys
5.4 Relationships with OCs
5.5 Wet Dreams
5.6 Sex with Mother
6 Sexual Deviance
6.1 Inappropriate Interactions with Women
6.2 Pedophilia and Age Disparity
6.3 Necrophillia
6.4 Bestiality
6.4.1 Is Chris a furry?
6.5 Oedipus Complex
7 Prostitution
8 Incest
8.1 Incest fics
8.2 Dreams of sex with Barb
8.3 Actual sex with Barb
9 Rape
10 See also
11 References
Knowledge of sex
In his mind, Chris has mastered all there is to know about sex, and now regards himself as a bit of a guru. He has said that kissing a woman is "magical and delightful... sweet and melting like ice cream or chocolate", a description he stole from Sailor Moon.[3] In truth, for much of the time he was presenting this advice Chris had yet to even kiss a girl.[4]
What he knows about sex he's picked up from rudimentary high school sex education or pornography. This has engendered many false beliefs in Chris, which he sticks to religiously. Readers who brave his sex chat logs should immediately notice what's going wrong – Chris's fantasies are merely recreations of what he's seen in pornos, rather than plausible sexual experiences. For example, he believed that Kacey would welcome a brutal tit-fucking followed by load after load of navy to the face.[5]
Other examples of Chris's crude misconceptions about sex abound. He mimics female porn stars' sex positions, spreads an imaginary vagina a yard across,[6] thinks that the clitoris is located on the female body where the perineum is located on the male one[7] and believes that electric shocks to the vagina are pleasurable.[8]
He also seems to believe that a woman's vagina is higher up on the woman's body that it actually is;[9] this is undoubtedly due to his experience with his sex dolls. The "missionary cowgirl" position mentioned in Sonichu #8 is a contradiction in terms. He can't even get the most basic double entendres correct, wearing a terrible Mountain Dew parody shirt thinking it's an invitation for women to try and ride his broken penis.[6] He thinks that his virginity is a precious and sought-after treasure which women will come in droves to take (he even went so far as to use it as a bargaining chip to haggle with a prostitute), and believes that mass debating ultimately makes him better at sex.
With Chris's slippery grip on language, he is also noticeably confused about basic sexual terminology. For example, Chris told Ivy he had a "sticky dream" about her. When Ivy asked if he meant a wet dream, he replied, "No, that's when you pee yourself, silly!"[10] While he may have the best of intentions, his word choices unwittingly present him in a very bad light. He refuses to use common terms – either medical or slang – for sex organs, instead calling penises "ducks" and "pickles", and vaginas and vulvae "china" or "tom-tom" out of a childish aversion borne of disgust.
In August 2011, Chris said he is into female domination.[11] (going as far as to draw Sonichu and Rosechu performing the act in Sonichu #10).
Reproductive Biology
Main article: Biology#Reproductive biology
A moderately detailed portrait of what Chris probably thought females looked like before meeting Mia Hamm.
Chris's understanding on reproductive biology had primarily come from what he had seen in porn.
Books on the Subject
Chris had obtained a copy of the book Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability, which he had told Null about on 5 July 2021. As a result of reading this book, Chris came to believe that he could mentor people about dating and sex. Chris had especially shown this in conversations he had with Fiona, where he attempts to advise her on how to approach a potential lover when she goes off to college.[12] Chris had seemed to twist or misunderstand many of the passages found in this book, taking it to be a book on how to perform sex on disabled people, rather than one for disabled people.
Moral Basis
This article is out of date.
We suggest you keep up with the times.
Straightness
Main article: Chris and sexuality
Chris's stance on sexual orientations have always been iffy at best. Prior to his transition to a Tomgirl, he has shown a fear of losing his straightness. This obsessive demand for people to "STAY STRAIGHT" has been one of the first noted and exploited aspects of Chris since his discovery. Many trolls had jokingly declared this as an indicator of him repressing his sexuality in some fashion, only for it to end up being the case in the long run.
Religion
69ing? Intercourse? Really? In a children's comic? Because they should know all about this stuff.
“
You have heard that it was said by them of old time, You shall not commit adultery: but I say to you, that whosoever looks on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart.
”
Matthew 5:27-28
Sex was at one point viewed, through Chris's eyes, by the Bible – or rather, by his religion, as Chris's Biblical knowledge is extremely poor. Chris was very strict on keeping to the word of God when male homosexuality is the topic, vehemently stating that he hates homos, but with no hesitation views lesbian porn and approves of it masturbatorily[13], and as of 2014, seemed to be adopting a more progressive view of even gay men and their rights (albeit begrudgingly). In 2015 Chris made a video lamenting his "past" homophobia and clarifying that he apparently now has great liking and admiration for male homosexuality, retconning the viscous homophobic tirade of Sonichu 10 into a bizarre zombie apocalypse, implying that he realizes religion is not an excuse for discrimination. Another violation of his Christian morals is the fact that he planned on losing his virginity on the third or fourth date with his true sweetheart (read: first girl who will last three dates with Chris). This is, of course, blatant violation of the Christian value of marriage before sex.
The Bible also frowns upon pornographers, of which he is very guilty and holds no apparent remorse. These double standards cause many trolls to despise him, seeing as he selectively chooses what to denigrate and what is OK in his own personal dogma, although to be somewhat fair, he's far from the only follower of the Christian faith to do so.
Despite people pointing out these contradictions, even quoting passages of the Bible, he will deny it. This is most likely because he goes to a very liberal church, so any question about premarital sex is probably interpreted quite liberally, and Chris believes that his church and only his church defines the entirety of religious morality - as it applies to him, anyway. When Chris asks Rocky about passages quoted to him by trolls, she only fuels his à la carte Christianity by saying things like sex before marriage is okay as long as the couple is in love, which contradicts Christian doctrine.[14] In summary, Chris picked and chose what parts of Christian doctrine suit his own prejudices, and disregards the ones that would interfere with his Love Quest.
Sexism
Chris seems to consider a female sexual partner as a rubber stamp over his (alleged) sexual orientation. Flying in the face of any moral system he's ever held, he announced his desire to upload on the Internet a video of his first full sexual intercourse, even if his hypothetical partner refused to consent to it.[15] After further prodding, he added that he would simply hide the camera, record the event without her consent and blur her face before making the video public.[16] In CCWC's Final Warning to the Second CWC, Chris indicated that if a woman accused him of being gay in person, he would sexually assault them by demanding they submit to a kiss and allow him to videotape the act, possibly as a way of proving his straightness.
For Chris, as stated above, a woman is just a living, sentient sex-toy, existing only to validate him as a heterosexual. As long as they're straight and younger than him, of course.
Chris in the act
Christian professing his love for "Julie".
Leaked tapes of Chris's audio sex with Julie, and the infamous sex tape with Kimmi shed light on Chris as he acts out on his fantasies. In particular, the sex tape shows how Chris assumes female positions, notably riding on top of Kimmi in a scene straight out of a porno. It seems that Chris's entirety of knowledge about sexual relationships stems from ignoring the men in pornography (due to fear of becoming a homo).
However, it should be noted that in most of Chris's Rule 34 drawings the characters do tend to assume positions which are fitting for their gender, including Chris.[17] It might be that Chris adopts female positions not so much due to ignorance regarding sex, but more because of his identification with the opposite gender.
Chris's view of cunnilingus, put on display in For J-R's Eyes Only.MOV, involves slobbering all over a woman's vagina. Despite all his knowledge of porn, he fails to see how cunnilingus is more than just slobbering, but proper tongue action to stimulate the clitoris.
In the leaked media, Chris displays that he may have some issues with delayed orgasm. This can either be physiological (bent duck, being overweight, lack of endurance) or psychological in nature (performance anxiety, high expectations, intrusive homoerotic thoughts, subconscious guilt about sex), or a combination thereof.
In the 2018 All Star video, Chris is seen tugging his duck along to the
song. He remains flaccid the entire time; his inability to get an erection is possibly a side effect of HRT. If this is true, Chris will certainly not be getting any hanky-panky in the future.
During his time losing his virginity to a
prostitute its worth noting that he first received a blowjob, then demanded cowgirl before possible missionary later;
but luckily for her he couldn't last very long and finished just after she rid him for a bit; this is important as it points to 2 big problems with Chris; first his lack of self control due to him
finishing so quickly, second is that he ordered possibly the laziest sex position in the book, with Mia doing pretty much all of the physical exercise with Chris being a lazy fuck.
Chris's second sexual partner in his life was none other than his own mom, the exact details of the incestuous affair are a bit vague but needless to say every act described by Chris is extremely disturbing and not for the faint of heart.
Contraceptives
“
Confidentially, I wear a condom during the second half when I masturbate; I use Trojan or LIfestyles brand (Trojan mostly)
And I used condoms when I fooled with the L.D.s as well.
”
Chris, Jackie E-mails 1
Condoms, or as Chris has called them "raincoats", are thin latex coverings worn over a man's penis for the purpose of birth control. However, Chris seemed to understand the condom as more of a symbol for promoting safe premarital sex rather than as a contraceptive. Aside from promoting safe sex and justifying premarital sex, Chris has also drawn his male Sonichu characters with condoms in order to censor their penises. Chris has stated that before his third date with Blanca, he'd wear a condom for the first two times they've had sex, only to have non-protected sex by the third date, showing that he also believed that condoms serve more as some kind of gateway to pregnancy. Chris had a box of chocolate-flavored condoms that he purchased to be prepared for his first time. Chris had given a few different dates for when they expired; some time in 2010[18] and January 2013.[19]
Chris reportedly also wore a condom that was flavored like green apple while engaging in sex with Mia Hamm.[20] It's not entirely clear whether the condom was entirely successful or not due to him mentioning that a "Smidge" of Navy had leaked out after their first round together, meaning he either kept them in his pocket far too long, the condom didn't fit entirely properly around his Duck, he became flaccid way faster than he should have, or he's an idiot who mistook a smear of lube or vaginal discharge for semen; knowing Chris any of these
explanations
are
equally
possible. For those wondering however, it's probably safe to assume Mia Hamm won't be harboring Crystal any time soon; even by some non-existent chance he managed to get her pregnant, she would have likely been on the pill anyway.
Chris would later reveal to Null that he was using a condom while having sex with his "over 50 girlfriend", who was later discovered to be Barb. While ploughing a woman like Barb would cause anyone to instinctively wear the thickest condom available, then get themselves tested a few times over just in case (all of which Chris did); realistically there wasn't much reason to do so since the risk of STD and pregnancy was non-existent since both were (at least where STIs were concerned) clean and both were completely infertile.
Sexual Frustration
Chris has had a yearning to have a girl to have sex with since the start of his Love Quest in 2003. The first manifestation of this was when he was clawing at Megan where his pining for her went ignored or denied as any sane person would.
Throughout the first half of 2021, Chris' search for a sweetheart had resumed. Chris has expressed great sexual frustration, yearning for a physical girl to have sex with over his ficticious sweethearts. According to Kyle, at some point in February 2021 Chris expressed interest in wanting to get a hooker,[21] something which Chris was once not in favor of.
In March 2021, following a masturbation session, Chris had a conversation with the Watchmen, in which he discussed how, despite not disliking or disapproving of the act of masturbation, he felt that he was born the wrong gender.[22] In a May 2021 conversation, he claimed that over the years, he would continually consume pornography and masturbate to get "the hard-on". He expressed how until recently, he felt that he had not fully explored his sexuality, nor any other means to stimulate himself, and even then claims to still overthink the process of inserting a dildo or vibrator up his ass. [23]
Means of Coping with Sexual Frustration
Masturbation and Porn Consumption
Main article: Mass debating
Chris has had a history of masturbating, starting when he discovered he could stimulate his penis by rubbing it against a washcloth when he was 15. In 2009, he made use of a washbasin in the kitchen of his house while performing the act, and had claimed in the Ivy Q&A that he made use of a pillow that he'd fold in half, treating it as a mastrubation tool. Since then, masturbation has been an outlet for Chris's sexual frustration.
In a February 2021 conversion with The Watchmen, Chris said "Masturbation takes Fifteen LONG, Tiring and Annoying Minutes, with my body, regardless of whatever method or tool utilized. And it has literally been that long in unenjoyable time since I first rubbed one out while my body was 15. And that was Looooong before I ever started on HRT in 2016. So, not only is masturbation out of the question, it's more misery-inducing."[24]
Drawing Porn
“
As for the drawing itself, I've realized that it was done not only out of inspired fantasy, angst against E.D., and love for you, but also a major release for my crazy, mixed-up hormones. If I didn't have the foresight to put my pent-up frustrations and feelings in the form of something, I might have become an abusive maniac, so thank god for allowing me to release my bottled up frustrations in a more positive, yet not so "Politically Correct", and not physically hurting others, method.
”
Chris on how he might have approached Megan had he not drawn SheCameForCWC.jpg[25]
Chris has on more than one ocassion drawn pornography of his own in order to release sexual tension. Chris claimed to Megan Schroeder that he had in part created the controversial drawing SheCameForCWC.jpg because he felt that doing so would inhibit him from sexually advancing on Megan, as he had feelings for her, and would have become an "abusive maniac" had he not created the drawing. The fact that Chris had decided to use what was essentially a product of his own pent-up sexual frustration as a means of attempting to get his Encyclopedia Dramatica page down only seemed to leave a much more bitter taste in Megan's mouth after announcing this.
During the period when Chris became much more sexually frustrated in 2021, he displayed this more openly towards friends, and even on his social media. He sent a picture of his Chris Chan Sonichu persona wearing a negligee while giving a seductive look to The WCT, and talked to him about how arousing it is to wear one.
Sex Toys
Chris has made numberable purchases for sex toys, porn DVDs and inflatable sex dolls.
Relationships with OCs
For a time, partly due to influence from the Idea Guys, Chris has temporarily given up on his search for a sweetheart in pursuit for being in relationships with fictional characters instead.
Wet Dreams
Chris has also had his share of wet dreams, particularly whenever he had held strong feelings for his flavor of the week. The first of these wet dreams was of PandaHalo, where he dreamed about the both of them getting naked, having sex, and then Chris finally climaxing. Chris also had a dream where he was in a labyrinth filled with water, where he met a woman and had sex with her, Chris recreated the dream in a Flipnote animation. The strangest of these was of one where Chris claims that he "almost had sex" with the Sonic character Sally Acorn, which had left him sexually frustrated afterwards. Chris talks about another wet dream he had two months later, this time of the Sonic X character Chris Thorndyke aged-up and "handsome". Chris also expresses the sexual frustration he felt after waking up from this dream too.[26]
Sex with Mother
It had long been joked and speculated by trolls, christorians, and observers alike that Chris has much more intimate feelings with his mother than he let on. These speculations were confirmed in July of 2021 when screenshots were leaked of Chris detailing to Isabella Loretta Janke his incestuous exploits. Null later revealed worrying conversations he had previously with Chris about a new "over 50's" girlfriend he had been using condoms with. We will leave it to you to put 2 and 2 together.
Sexual Deviance
Chris's skewed basis of his understanding of sex leads him to exhibiting several instances of sexual deviance.
Inappropriate Interactions with Women
To say the least, Chris's social interactions hinder his ability to understand sex etiquette.
Pedophilia and Age Disparity
Main article: Pedofork
The Idea Guys were here.
Chris was brainwashed into believing that he is a pedophile.
Pedophilia has always been a touchy subject in regards to Chris. Chris had at first attempted to deny all claims that he was a pedophile, even creating a new word, "pedofork", as a sort of comeback to those who referred to him as such, apparently being created solely to make the word rhyme in "I'm not a pedofork, you dorks". Chris has tried to retain this image by removing any references that may be interpreted as him being a pedophile in his Sonichu comics. Most infamously, Chris had characters in Sonichu 8 make comments about "dumb laws" when Zapina Rosechu, who is 14 years old, asks to participate in stripping for Women's Rights.
At a glance, Chris seems to adhere to the age of consent, once advertising on his Attraction Signs that he would only date someone of legal age. Chris however does not seem to understand or care about how creepy it is for him to be attracted to women that are half his age, and seems to see it as yet another barrier for his Love Quest. Chris has cat-called an artist whom he believed to be "entering young adulthood", has made sexual remarks towards Bella; despite her having no interest in Chris, and has shown arousal when Fiona exposed herself to him.
Necrophillia
While Chris himself has never engaged in sex with a dead body to the best of anyone's knowledge, Chris has recently been referring to barb as a zombie like husk since even before they began engaging in their affair and that her soul has already moved on to her rosechu form in C-197; complaining that her lifeless body was still clinging to life and preventing him from going back home. Meaning that Chris is at least partially comfortable with the idea of having sex with his dead mother.
In another disturbing incident, Chris recorded It's not that cold, where he proceeds to imitate Buffalo Bill and pretends to get inside his dead dog Patti. While not engaging in sex with her, he does take a bizarre sexual pleasure in wearing her corpse (or at least pretending to do so, since he was too lazy to actually dig her up).
Bestiality
“
I can imagine myself doing it with a collie at least. you know, like Lassie.
”
Chris to PandaHalo[27]
Run, Patti, run!
Chris, sporting a homemade fursuit.
In December 2008, Chris told PandaHalo he would be willing to have sex with a female dog for her.[27] However, in his interview with ScrewAttackEurope, Chris says he's against bestiality, then hoists himself by his own petard by claiming that Sonichu & co. are not "half-humans" but "all-animals" with human form; so technically this isn't bestiality, as they're animals having sex with each other.
Chris suggested that Brian from Family Guy be paired up with "any sexy breed" of dog.[28]
In The Red-Maned Deer, Chris recites a poem he wrote about having sex with a deer, but at the end of it states, "This was, in fact, NOT an act of bestiality. For you see, the Red-Maned Deer I have been communicating with and tracking, is really...my lo-my womanly sweetheart, named Jacklyn Romy."[29] The fact that the deer is Jackie is obvious, but in spite of this he explicitly stated that it was her at the end.
In a photo of the Rental House from June 2014, the Chandler minivan bears a bumper sticker reading "I Sleep with Dogs".[30] What exactly this means is yet to be determined.
Is Chris a furry?
The Idea Guys were here.
Chris was brainwashed into believing that he is a furry.
“
I am half-Sonichu and half-Pokemon, thus making me a "furry".
”
Chris, May 2018, during the aftermath of the Idea Guys saga.[31]
Whether Chris could actually be considered a furry was debated for a long time.[32] There are some things that point in that direction. Chris certainly gets aroused by provocative drawings of anthropomorphic animals (at least when they are Sonic characters), and he has drawn unsolicited porn of his own Sonic recolors. Chris-Chan Sonichu is in many ways similar to a fursona, and Chris even role-played the character while cybering with Julie.[8] Finally, in the Giant Penis Comic, Chris and Ivy both transform into anthropomorphic animals during the act of sex. On the other hand, Mimms and Lucas noted that Chris was prejudiced against a male furry who patronized The GAMe PLACe because he happened to be gay.[33] Given the high proportion of gay and bisexual men in the furry fandom, Classic Chris would almost certainly have been uncomfortable at any kind of furry gathering.
In May 2018, under the influence of the Idea Guys, Chris declared himself a furry.[34] The Idea Guys also brainwashed him into believing he is in a polyamorous marriage with his anthropomorphic imaginary friends Magi-Chan and Cryzel, and Chris believes he has had sexual relations with these imaginary friends.[35]
Also of note is that in mid-2020, he binge-watched the Netflix anime BNA: Brand New Animal, commenting it was "very good" but said nothing further than that.[36]
While Chris may loosely qualify as a furry due to his obsession with anthropomorphic Electric Hedgehog Pokemon and ponies, he has never shown an interest in the broader furry community.
Oedipus Complex
In simple terms, it is the attachment of the child to the parent of the opposite sex, accompanied by envious and aggressive feelings toward the parent of the same sex.[37] Chris has exuded such an Oedipus Complex for years given his feelings for his mother coddling him while also showing resentment for Bob now and then, especially whenever he’d scold Chris for his antics.
See below for more details:
Affair with Mother
Sex with Mother
Dreams of sex with Barb
Actual sex with Barb
Prostitution
Chris's leaked Facebook announcement that he had lost his virginity. Initially igniting a firestorm of controversy, Chris himself let it slip that she was found "somewhere on the backpage" soon after.
Given how badly Chris wanted to lose his virginity, many observers have wondered why he didn't immediately spend some of his tugboat on a prostitute. Mumble 4, from February 2009, answered that question for a while. There, Chris explained that paying for sex would render the act "meaningless," and he was – in a rare display of common sense – afraid of contracting a sexually transmitted disease.
Needs must as the devil drives, though. While being blackmailed by Jack Thaddeus in the summer of 2009, Chris attempted to solicit the services of a Craigslist prostitute to fuck on camera so he could recover his hacked PlayStation Network accounts. After describing his personal problems to the prostitute, she hung up on him. Chris was apparently trying to get free sex from the hooker with long, rambling stories about his horrible life to try and gain sympathy. He was genuinely shocked when she didn't offer to fuck him out of pity, unaware that prostitutes, by definition, only have sex with men for money.
Previously, in March 2009, Bryan Bash had sent a trio of prostitutes to Chris's house so he would no longer be a virgin with rage. Hilarity ensued.
By the beginning of 2010, Chris's views on prostitution had further softened. According to his conversations with Vivian Gee, around the turn of the year he was attempting to save $100 out of his monthly budget to buy himself a whore for his 28th birthday. This, presumably, was the "hundred dollars for a damn hooker" he referred to when begging the Wallflower for sex on YouTube in March 2010.
Between April and July 2010, under the name of Carlos Chantor, Chris tried to offer himself up as a male escort. He described himself as "Experienced for Her Pleasure", with an average body type.[38]
Later, under the guise of his troll persona JenkinsJinkies, Chris attempted to acquire the contact details of the hookers Brian Bash had previously hired. While it is possible that Chris merely wished to make his disguise more convincing by implying that 14 year old Jenkins wished to hire prostitutes, it seems far more likely that Chris actually was considering hiring Brian's girls.
In April 2012 a Facebook status leaked in which Chris announced that he was no longer a virgin. Suspicion arose that this was due to the help of a hooker. Chris provided further evidence suggesting that the girl was a prostitute on 1 May when he wrote in a Facebook note that his virgin breaker can be found "somewhere on the backpage", a website known for featuring sex service ads.[39] On 28/29 June 2014 Chris openly admitted that his first time was with a prostitute, and that he had sex with her twice.[40]
In June 2016, Chris himself made another attempt to enter the prostitution business, now as a trans woman, going by the name "Stephanie Bustcakes". Predictably, Chris was unable to find any "women of any orientation" who were interested in paying him $100 to have sex either "one way or the lesbian way", and the Stephanie Bustcakes persona has not yet reappeared.
On 24 April 2018, while under the influence of the Idea Guys, who had allegedly been extorting him out of thousands of dollars, Chris announced:[41]
Anyone living locally to me in Virginia, or visiting in Charlottesville, I’ll give y’all BJs for money too. Serious.
A fan on Twitter messaged him about it. In their conversation, Chris said:[42]
Consider me a beginner with experience blowing my loving boyfriend, willing to learn and adapt further. $50 for that BJ from this celeb; if he wants butt sex, that will be $100. Cash only.
Chris told CWCProtectSquad member Tings Tingz that he was indeed serious about prostituting himself, had several offers, but had not taken on any customers. When asked if he would consider, Chris responded, "a little from Column 'A' and the latter from Column 'B'".[43]
After the Guard Dogs rescued Chris from the Idea Guys' influence, he reversed course and disavowed the prostitution messages on 7 May 2018, saying he had been coerced.[44] He went further on 25 May, saying he had been forced to write such things, and implied the Idea Guys had been behind it.[45]
According to Kyle, in February 2021, Chris wanted a hooker and asked Kyle to ask Null to get him one.[21]
Incest
See also: Affair with Mother
This article is too large or off-topic. It has been suggested that we smash its Heart level down to 15% and split off the pieces into their own article. Discuss on the talk page.
“
I, myself, Did have dreams of having sex with my mother.
”
Chris, 2016
Chris having sex with his "son," Sonichu, in order to fulfill a prophecy to bring Crystal into the world.
Chris has long been suspected of having unnatural feelings about sex and family.
In 2007, Chris attempted to shock Encyclopedia Dramatica into submission by posting his own Rule 34 drawings, including one of himself fingerbanging a nude brunette woman. ED users immediately concluded this was Crystal, Chris's imaginary twin sister in the comics. This charge infuriated Chris and therefore became the conventional wisdom. By the time Chris successfully convinced anyone that it was really Megan Schroeder in the drawing, the notion that Chris wants to bang his imaginary twin sister had already stuck.
Crystal, Chris's imaginary twin sister, appeared as a "girlfriend" card he made for Yu-Gi-Oh!, and her attractiveness and desirability are brought up several times in the Sonichu comics well after being established as Chris's twin. Chris has shown complete ignorance in matters incestuous before; his Electric Hedgehog Pokémon are all related (despite their type and appearance differences, they all come from Sonic and the same male Pikachu – apart from that fact, they were all created by Chris and acknowledge him as such – Sonichu and Rosechu calling him father), but many of them are paired off with one another (notably Sonichu/Rosechu, Bubbles/Blake, and Magi/Silvana – Simonla was technically made by someone else), banging and some even having kids. Chris's own comic children are a form of incest – as Chris impregnated himself with his navy. Chris shrugs off all medical/science facts and lists the two as perfectly healthy and Autism Free.
Chris first expounded his views on incest to the internet on 31 January 2009 during the first Mumble chat, when it was revealed that he did not fully understood the meaning of the word "incest". While he showed aversion toward incest in the chat, his condemnation of it was lukewarm, saying that he would only "definitely discourage that" and that lesbian incest is "possibly OK" due to no reproduction being involved. Compare this to his statements about male homosexuality from the same chat ("I hate homo males [...] I'd sooner have a sex change before I would ever turn into a homo") or to his statements about male homosexuality from earlier that month, saying that he would make it a crime and force its practitioners into having sex with members of the opposite gender.[46]
A year later, Chris's views became staunch. When a correspondent in the Mailbag pointed out that Chris's state allows cousin marriage but not same-sex marriage, Chris furiously denied it and wrote, "Cousin-Marriage is just as Terrible and Unholy as MARRYING YOUR OWN MOTHER OR FATHER!"[47] When another correspondent responded to Chris by saying that he is happily married to his cousin and that their marriage is indeed legal in Virginia, Chris answered him by saying he was destined to hell for his relationship,[48] not realizing that incest is shown in a positive light in the Bible. When the subject came up again in the next mailbag, Chris said that sexual relations between cousins are just as wrong as incest between parents and their children or between siblings, and that all those relationships were condemned in the "same part" of the Bible,[49] which is not actually true.[50]
Incest fics
In February 2010, Chris notably did not react to an extremely NSFW ad of himself on the CWCipedia depicting himself fingering Barb like he did with a former friend in a certain illustration, despite reacting to an ad claiming that he was dead.
During the Idea Guy saga, the troll convinced Chris that Magi-Chan foretold of a prophecy in which Crystal would be born by Chris mating with Sonichu. He also informed Chris that if this was drawn, he wouldn't have to do it in real life. Chris complied[51]. During the nonsensical
issue 13 of Sonichu incest is unsurprisingly everywhere, from Chris Chan Sonichu getting married to Magichan to Chris and Sonichu raping each other.
To the Watchmen, Chris chatted about how he was upset over implications of incest in the Sonichu family, stating that he had written a piece to dispute the "ugh, Incest bullshit."[52]
In a Facebook post from January 2020, Chris reiterated his opposition to incest, writing "I, personally, seriously disapprove of incest and would never practice it at all" and "The Bottom Line is: Incest is Never 'Wincest' (Epic UGH!)".[53]
In November 2023, Chris replied to a Twitter post that asked him if he could list examples of what he meant by "strange ideas and dreams." Chris stated that he strongly disapproves of incest fan fictions involving himself and characters like Sonichu Prime and Rosechu Prime. He also criticized fan fictions with him and his mother, He said some people thought about or wrote these stories before July 2021 in reference to the Incest Call being released and his arrest, he claimed he does not support them and believes such ideas are wrong and warned that thinking about them could lead to negative consequences in other timelines or realities.[54]
Dreams of sex with Barb
On 10 August 2016, Chris posted a response to a mother-son couple who were arrested for incest. He admitted to "[having] dreams of having sex with my mother" but "Never acting on them ever." Among other things, he also implied that incest "offers a chance for better teaching the child how to better satisfy their eventual partner(s)." All this is in stark contrast to his earlier condemnation of incest, which raises the question of whether Chris was being TRUE and HONEST but changed his opinion later thanks to his growing degeneracy, or the likelier possibility it was all for show.
I have a few things to say in response to this article. Firstly, the child was over 18, and surely the mother has talked it out with him beforehand. The child might have had social problems, or a situation where socializing or going out to socialize with other people, was a Greater Difficulty. Financial situation to prevent paying someone else to come over and help out in the situation. Moreover, it was the lifelong affections between parent and child. Also, the mother probably could not bear any ovum for children anymore.
Anyhow, who among Everyone in this world has not had a dream of having sex with one of their parents? Never acting on them ever, I, myself, Did have dreams of having sex with my mother.
Although incest is quite controversial topic, but there are circumstances where there would be not so much harm as one may think, feel or believe. The child is over 18; the mother is unable to have any more children at the time; birth control and protection is available and can be used (in a case of father/daughter, birth control Definitely should be used anyhow). Also, consider if the child is adopted; not as much biological.
Plus, this offers a chance for better teaching the child how to better satisfy their eventual partner(s). The schools can only teach from books; not so much practice. And Nobody wants to end up being a 20 or 30-plus year old Virgin. I know; That is a Huge, Enduring Pain.
Unless the sex act was abusive, hurtful, or Would result in an unwanted birth of a physical or mental challenged child, I would not judge or persecute the parent and child. I would encourage the child to socialize more; maybe make it easier for the child to meet more people his/her age.
Do Not send the mother and son to jail!
On 13 September 2019, while role-playing as Magi-Chan, Chris would describe Barb as a "guilty pleasure waifu."[55]
Actual sex with Barb
While the prospect of Chris having sex with Barb was joked about for many years, most people did not believe Chris would actually go through with it. Before the Incest call was leaked, there were numerous warning signs of what was to come, mainly being the fact Barb would force Chris to spoon her in bed for many years, and telling Mia Hamm that the sexual massage he gave her was the same that he gave his mother. Their actions around each other have indicated a history of incestuous interest, however many just assumed that this was a combination of Chris's autism making him act inappropriately and Barb's infamously controlling behaviour.
After the incest calls were leaked it was revealed that Chris had been engaging in regular sex with Barb every 3 nights or so since 27 June 2021. His "seduction" methods included giving her full body massages while making attempts to finger her, kissing her on the lips with Barb refusing to open her mouth and Chris making "Psychic connections" with her before, during and after their romps in the hay.
It's also noteworthy that Chris refers to Barb as "Barbie Chan" almost exclusively now; whether this has something to do with her supposed anime fanfiction characteristics, a bizarre pet name or Chris trying to subconsciously distance himself from their familial bonds is unknown.
Rape
Chris was very apathetic about the idea of consent, and to a larger extent, the act of rape. When PandaHalo told him she was raped by Clyde Cash, he reacted nonchalantly. He even thought it would be appropriate for Panda to move in with her rapist (which is technically in-line with certain archaic Christian principles), whom he called a "good man" for regretting the rape and for being willing to take care of the ensuing child.[56] Later on, long after the PandaHalo saga was over, he would wish her and her rapist a happy marriage.[57] In iPods Down and Listen Up, he didn't seem to realize that his improvised lyrics detailed a sexual act that would almost certainly be construed by others as rape. Chris eventually compared his ordeals with the trolls, particularly during the Classic Era to rape in his Facebook posts. (Since BlueSpike's most infamous incident involved an act that could be described as sexual abuse in front of several people, this is admittedly a fitting description.)
As far as Chris being a potential rapist is concerned, the situation was more complicated. For starters, as explained earlier, he admitted that he drew ShecameforCWC.JPG to prevent himself from acting on his sexual impulses against Megan Schroeder, who had previously scolded him for inappropriately touching her. During a particularly disturbing chat, he (incognito) suggested that the trolls try to convince him to rape Rocky Shoemaker. He also evidently saw no issue with rape by fraud (essentially having sex with someone while tricking them into believing you're somebody else, meaning they didn't consent with you) as seen with his comic book counterpart when he travels forwards in time to have sex with his future wife Lovely Weather in the guise of being his future self (whom is definitely a different person in the future). During the Kacey Calls, he attempted unsuccessfully to lure her to his place in the guise of being Liquid Chris, again seeing absolutely nothing wrong with that.
In all likelihood, though, these parts of his behavior are most likely explained by the keys to understanding his behavior overall: his ignorance about the world and his persecution complex causes him to be quite naïve about how bad rape actually is. With the Rocky situation above, he likely said that as part of an odd, roundabout scheme to get the trolls arrested, but it's still pretty fucked up that he'd even suggest something like this, let alone tell her about it after.
In one of the Kacey Calls, Chris states he believes that abortion in cases of rape should be the choice of the victim, and that they should not be pressured by others in their decision.
Despite joking about how uncomfortably close he was to his own mother, few actually believed that Chris had it in him to commit an act of rape. For instance, he tried to kiss Emily and gave up when she said no,[58] showing that he does understand the importance of consent... Or at least, he used to. Unfortunately, it seems that as of 2014, he has decided that he won't take "no" for an answer, and basically molested Catherine during their second outing by hugging her and burying his head in her breasts even after she flatly told him not to. This gets even more disturbing when you consider this e-mail, where Chris outright says that he's "entitled to a relationship". Also not helping matters was Chris kissing multiple guests who posed with him at the TooManyGames convention regardless of consent, which ultimately got him kicked out.
Furthermore, it was argued that Chris didn't have a history of violence conducive to attempting sexual assault. Aside from his habit of dishing out threats he can't possibly carry out, hitting Michael Snyder with a car, and macing a manager in the chest, Chris is physically very weak and unfit, and simply could not overpower an able-bodied person – the only outcome of him attempting it would be a swift knee to the duck followed by a rousing round of America's favorite game.
Interestingly, Chris details in Announcement 06292016 that he wants all men to stay an arm's length distance away from him. Along with showing the insecurities he possesses concerning men, Chris seems to think that he is an attractive enough transwoman for a man to consider raping him.
See also
Affair with Mother
China
Chris and his ego
Chris and sexuality
Chris Sex Logs
Duck
Homos
List of Chris's Adam & Eve purchases
Mass debating
Naive
Pickle
Reproductive Biology
Semen
ShecameforCWC.JPG
Women's rights
References
↑ Chris has used this phrase since approximately 2018, including in Sonichu #12-9, on his polyamorous marriage and on his incest with his mother.
↑ Miyamoto Saga#Chris Sets the Record STRAIGHT
↑ Mailbag 18
↑ Jackie E-mails 2
↑ Kacey Phone Call
↑ 6.0 6.1 For J-R's Eyes Only.MOV
↑ September 2014 Facebook Posts#Introducing the Un-clit
↑ 8.0 8.1 CWC Cums for a Cat
↑ File:SchuComicSP3P7.jpg
↑ Ivy Q&A#Threats
↑ Calling Out Jack Thaddius - Ahuviya
↑ Fiona DMs#Dating Advice
↑ CWC's Second Message
↑ Mumble 8
↑ ChrisChanSonichu and WikiSysop correspondence#The Introduction Image Space is NOT Ad Space (CCS)
↑ Mailbag 31#In which Chris crosses yet another line
↑ For examples, see the uncensored panels from Sonichu 8, Sonichu and Rosechu's Luv Shack, CWCRockin4Way.jpg, the Giant Penis Comic and Jackie E-mails 14.
↑ Chris Sex Logs#Condoms
↑ IRC (27 December 2008)
↑ July 2020 social media posts
↑ 21.0 21.1 The Place chats (March 2021)#Chris wanted a hooker
↑ Masturbation discussions#16 March 2021
↑ Masturbation discussions#18 May 2021
↑ Masturbation discussions#27 February 2021
↑ Megan Emails, 2008#Chris continues bothering her about ED
↑ MKR DMs
↑ 27.0 27.1 IRC (27 December 2008)
↑ The Family Guy article on CWCipedia
↑ The Red-Maned Deer
↑ File:Chandler Cars 1600w.jpg
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220209025754/https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/997320832040005634
↑ From the Sarah May Skype Logs: [7:17:25] Sarah May: Did you feel sexually aroused when you drew them? [7:17:34] Christopher C.W.C.: a bit.
↑ Mimms and Lucas Q&A#Racism and homophobia
↑ May_2018_social_media_posts#Michael_Hirtes_BTFO
↑ July 2018 social media posts#BronyCon thoughts
↑ July_2020_social_media_posts#Animu
↑
https://www.uvm.edu/~jbailly/courses/tragedy/student%20second%20documents/Oedipus%20Complex.html#:~:text=Definition,parent%20of%20the%20same%20sex.
↑ Jackie E-mails 6
↑ [1]
↑ Other documents#Chris's wingman
↑ April 2018 social media posts#Will provide house tour and suck dicks for money
↑ File:NAME YOUR PRICE!!.jpeg
↑ Tings Tingz DMs#Prostitution post
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20191107173201/https://twitter.com/cwcsonichu/status/993693423084318720
↑ May 2018 social media posts#Calling out the Idea Guys
↑ IRC (02 January 2009)
↑ Common Questions#5 January 2010
↑ Mailbag 34#Good luck in hell
↑ Mailbag 35#I think he wanted a specific verse
↑
[2]
↑ https://archive.md/AL1PT
↑ Chats leaked by MKRs Bloody Chunks#Ugh, Incest
↑ January 2020 social media posts#Incest is not wincest
↑ November 2023 social media posts#Rant against incest fics
↑ September 2019 social media posts#Barbara was more of a "guilty pleasure" waifu
↑ IRC (21 January 2009)
↑ Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts (CWCipedia page)#Sarah Cassandra McKenzie, A.K.A. PandaHalo
↑ Emily Date Conversation Transcript#A precious farewell (1:29:35–1:31:10)
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
Chris and...
Body: Drugs • Fashion • Gender • Health • Nutrition • Sex
Psyche: Coping • Manipulation • Mental healthcare • Nostalgia • Reality
Personality: Anger • Ego • Hypocrisy • Introspection • Kindness • Negligence • Personality • Remorse • Stress
Expression: Art • Censorship • English • Language • Music • Oratory • Spanish • Writing
Society: Animals • Contests • Death • The Law • Politics • Pornography • Race • Reading • Religion • Sexuality • Socialization • Sports
Business: Brand loyalty • Business • Copyright • Money • Negotiation • Work
Technology: AI • Cameras • Electronics • The Internet • Science • Television • Video Games
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris_and_sex&oldid=349599"