Title: Chris's Wikipedia profile
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Chris%27s_Wikipedia_profile
Categories: Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Historical Documents
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
The following is the profile that Chris wrote about himself on his Wikipedia user page. Links have been added by CWCki to provide context when needed, but the text itself is Chris's unedited, unabridged account of his life up to 1 May 2009.
User:ChrisChanSonichu
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Contents
1 Christian Weston Chandler
1.1 The One, The Only, From his own Honest-to-God Words
2 His Early Years - Birth to 1992
3 The Teenage Years
3.1 Dating Education
3.2 Sonichu's Birth
3.3 The Seinor Prom
3.4
Graduation
4 College Time
4.1 Start of my Sweetheart Search
4.2 Enter the Wicked Witch of the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens
4.3 The Continuing, Enduring Search
5 Becoming Internet Famous without having to leave Home
5.1 The E.D. Webpage
6 Currently...
6.1 Church
7 More Information About Myself
7.1 And SO I MAKE IT CLEAR!
Christian Weston Chandler
The One, The Only, From his own Honest-to-God Words
Christopher Weston Chandler was born February 24, 1982, approximately 5:30 AM, at the Martha Jefferson Hospital in Charlottesville, Virginia from mother, Barbara Anne Weston Chandler and father, Robert Franklin Chandler Jr. He was diagnosed with High-Functional Autism in his early childhood. As he grew up, he was mainstreamed within the normal classrooms of local schools and society, to possibly break out of his Autistic Shell.
In his later years, he would aspire to earn good grades to make Honor Roll in Providence Middle and Manchester High Schools in Chesterfield County, Graduate with the Class of 2000 with a Diploma, and later get onto the Dean's List and earn an Associate's Degree and Certificate for Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD) at Piedmont Virginia Community College.
And in his Adult Life, he has suffered the social stresses of being a healthy adult male virgin for years, and searching for a Boyfriend-Free Woman to make into a Sweetheart from being Friends First. It took him YEARS, but his prayers had finally been answered by a Lucky woman within these United States.
Also, he is the Internet Famous creator of the Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon, Sonichu and Rosechu.
His Early Years - Birth to 1992
My family and I resided in a quaint 2-Story House in Ruckersville, Virginia for most of my lifetime.
I was quite a cute little baby; I was blonde, but I turned brown brunette. I said my very first word at 6 Weeks of age with "Monkey" (possibly trying to say "Mommy"). While being babysat by a woman in my neighborhood, whose last name was Roach, she was angry for some reason, so she locked me in a room, all by my lonesome, and it was then at 1 1/2 Years of age, I stopped talking. During the Silent Years, my mother and father had to cope with my screams, cries and whatnot to fully understand me, which they did, and I am proud of them for that. I also attended Speech Therapy sessions with classmate, Joshua Martinez, who was there due to his heavy Spanish Tongue that not too many people understood back then, at James Madison University. I started talking again at Age 7, and I well more than made up for lost time in chatter.
My next-door neighbor had a daughter my age, Sarah Nicole Hammer, and she and I were the best of friends. We would play hide and seek, swing on her swing set, hang around, talk, play by ourselves or with the other neighborhood children. She brought me a lot out of my autistic social shell for the time back then.
My father raised me on music and technology, as well as Sesame Street, Care Bears and Transformers Generation 1. But he was one of the first in line to invest and buy a Commodore 64 Computer System. He even programmed a simple game of ring-stacking on it. But he let me have it for my early Video Game Play with games including Pitfall, Q*Bert, Pole Position, and a fun Donald Duck game.
My second Game System was the Nintendo Game Boy that I got for Christmas, 1989, with Tetris and Teenage Muntant Ninja Turtles - Fall of the Foot Clan. I played Tetris a LOT.
Also in 1989, there was a Bear Band who played at Regency Square Shopping Mall in Chesterfield County for years. The man behind the Conductor, Leonard Bearstein, was English, because when I told him him through the Bear my name was Christopher, he misunderstood and started calling me Christian. That night, on the back
My first Hero I looked up to was the American Rabbit, from his one movie, "The Adventures of the American Rabbit"; they REALLY SHOULD HAVE MADE A TV SERIES of him. Then in June, 1991, the SEGA Genesis rolled out, and Sonic the Hedgehog sided with the American Rabbit, but stood taller, as my Hero.
I attended Greene County Primary School from Kindergarten to 3rd Grade, then I attended Nathaniel Greene Elementary for my 4th Grade. I was home-schooled for 5th Grade.
Some conflict between my mother, father and the school system occurred after physical abuse from 5 faculty members late in my 4th Grade; my parents took the case against the Greene County School Board for a year or two. The board threatened to lock me away in an institution, and my family did not want that, so in September, 1992, my family and I moved to Chesterfield County, while keeping our Ruckersville Home, for better Schooling.
The Teenage Years
After moving into an apartment house in the Cloverleaf Complex, my father enrolled me into Providence Middle School for my 6th to 8th Grades; my half-sister, Carol Suzanne Chandler, was schooled there as well. It was a pleasant learning experiences over those 3 years. I was taught by the respective teachers there, but the most highly noted teacher I had, who watched over and guided me in that school was Mrs. Virginia Sanford; she was Teacher of the Year one year. I achieved Honor Roll in the majority of my time there.
Then I continued to Manchester High School for my 9th to 12th Grades. My father and I had moved out of the Cloverleaf, then rented a house in Surrywood for a year, then moved into a Townhouse in the Newberry area before I attended M.H.S.
I continued on my Honor Roll Grade Streak ALL THE WAY THROUGH M.H.S. I took various classes between Providence Middle and Manchester High. Mostly I took English Literature and Grammer, Mathematics, Science and Biology, Coping Skills, History, and HEAVY on the Art Classes. I was highly recognized for my artistic skills, by having them proudly displayed among other class-creations in the School for a while.
I have made a LOT of Friends as well over the years, MOSTLY FEMALE, because I was diagnosed for getting along better with girls than boys. And in my humble opinion, I could not agree more. Although I did have a few male friends in my lifetime, who were all good, honest individuals; in general, I despise a majority of the male population, because they can be such mean and cruel individuals.
In my Freshman Year, I was selected to be Manager/Water Boy for the Varsity Basketball Team. With my partner, who was Junior, Josheph Herring. He and I were good buddies. He confided in me his dating experiences with his ex-girlfriend then (I can't remember her name, but I'm sure she would remember). Poor fellow; that night she dumped him, he cried all by his lonesome in the cold all that night. I empathized with him, and I was able to help him cheer up. I lost touch with him after he graduated Class of 1998, yet I wonder what's he been up to and how he has been.
I was recognized for my work on the Varsity Team and was awarded a certificate and an embroidery "M" at the end of my Freshman Year.
But I was happy with my big circle of gal-pals; we hung out a LOT, ate lunch, shared classes and all. But even though I did take the required sexual education classes, I never had a First Date in my lifetime during the Middle or High School years. And as I have later learned in my Adult Years, I should have been more attentive in DATING; I could have had my pick among my sweet gal-pals, but I chickened out. I did have a few crushes in my lifetime, even a High School Sweetheart for 3/4 of my High-School Life, Kellie Andes. I REALLY missed out on that when I could have had the chance to take it. But I was mostly Naive (My Least Favorite Word in the English Language) on the subject.
I had a very nice 18th Birthday Party, and I had invited my gal-pals to attend.
Dating Education
As I have proposed the idea in my adult life within my Sonichu Comic Books, and a bit before then, High Schools SHOULD have Dating Education Classes along with the Sexual Education Classes. In my humble opinion, Sex ED is fine for AFTER 3 or so DATES, but HOW DO WE EVEN GET TO THE FIRST DATE?!!! If I had the Dating Education back then, I wouldn't have to had suffered being a frustrated virgin for soo many years.
Sonichu's Birth
During my Seinor Year, I took a Computer Graphics Class with a Miss Chalifoux (she got married that year, but I never learned her married name). Anyway, in March, 2000, she had assigned the class to create a CD Cover and Insert; the limit was NOT to use copyrighted characters, so Sonic and Pikachu were out of the question. And on March 17, 2000, I got the idea. I had been into Pokemon since Red and Blue came out, and I had created homemade Pokemon Trading Cards of my own Pokemon Creations (Only For Fun). Anyway, in my mind, I merged Sonic and Pikachu together to create Sonichu in his earliest form. I soon after drew him up on paper, and then drew him on computer for the CD-Cover of my later-to-create custom CD, "Christian's Favorite Hits".
From that day, I created his origins, stories, Rosechu and Black Sonichu (later to be renamed, Blake) and more, as well as the City of Cwcville, Virginia. Also, I had made him a mascot for my earlier website, "CWC's PokeSite 2". Still the background image in that early first-computer-drawn form on there.
The Seinor Prom
To be one with my crowd, I bought a pair of tickets, but I went there with my mother. But then I realized I was still an outcast, because I stood out more like a lonesome wallflower. But that night, my trusted "Peppermint Patty"-Type Gal-Pal, Tiffany Gowen, asked me to dance with her. I hesitated at first, but she grabbed my hand and pulled me onto the dance floor. We danced for what felt like hours. It was the most pleasant experience of that night, and I thank her for dancing with me then. I hope to return the favor at our Reunion.
Graduation
Graduation for me was a sad one then. I ONLY got recognized for my Grades with a Star Pin, yet they had MORE FANCIER AWARDS for more important qualities. I should have been Highly Recognized for my ARTISTIC TALENTS I showed in my Many Art Classes for the Award Ceremonies before Graduation Day. I felt crestfallen greatly from not getting recognized for any of my Talents. I EXCELLED IN MATH TOO FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
I had gotten over the Award Ceremony on the Graduation Day, but to add Lemon Juice to an open wound, it was a Dark and Rainy Day that Day, and they handed out MORE TALENTED AWARDS right before handing out any diplomas. When I went up there to get mine, I was feeling depressed, upset, crestfallen and ticked off. When the award was handed to me, I took it without looking anyone in the eye, and I did not shake anyone's hands. I just walked back to my seat in the Graduating Crowd. Then soon after, I just walked the wrong way up the center aisle, found an isolated table and cried myself out. My mother found me later and comforted me; my father was ashamed of the way I acted, and he would later still be angry at recalling the moment. Tiffany also found me and gave me a caring moment of condolences back there. I gave her a plush Psyduck as a graduating gift beforehand.
Days after Graduation, we settled and moved back to our Ruckersville Home. But I left out two other reasons why I felt crestfallen at Graduation. I Never got the chance to ask Kellie out on a date, and more importantly, that I was leaving ALL my close Gal Friends behind.
College Time
My family and I moved back to our Ruckersville Home, and I was soon enrolled into Piedmont Virginia Community College. I was uncertain which to major in. At first, I randomly selected a major in Marketing, or something like that. I passed the coursed, but my family and I later learned that there were NOT many jobs around Charlottesville that degree would work me for, so upon my father's suggestion, I switched over to Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD). I continued to pass the courses to earn my Degree and Certificate.
Start of my Sweetheart Search
While my 18th Birthday was great, I did not have a good 21st. I was attending an English Course, when soon before, we started reading "Wednesday's Child", which was about an Autistic Girl, so I told the MALE professor that I was High Functionally Autistic as well. Due to his not understanding Autism himself, and fears from that, he kicked me out of his class on February 24, 2003; my 21st Birthday. After leaving the classroom, I found a folding plastic table with a chair by it, and I sat down, head in arms, and cried myself out the remainder of the time before the next class I had to take that day. I retook the course, with a female professor and passed it.
It was also just after that day that I realized that I NEEDED A FEMALE SWEETHEART. So that was the start, and the only sensible idea I could come up with that was inexpensive, was make a paper sign stating back that year, "I am a 21-Year Old Male, seeking an 18-21-Year Old Single Female Companion."
Enter the Wicked Witch of the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens
A couple of months had passed since I officially started my Sweetheart Search in August, 2003. Not one woman would give me the time of day or even a passing glance as I sat with the sign next to me. I felt lonely on those days.
Then in Mid-October, the Quote/Unquote "Dean of Student Services", Mary Lee Walsh, approached me and pulled my sign away from me and told me, "You're NOT ALLOWED TO FIND TRUE LOVE HERE." MY HEART WAS SHATTERED that very moment. But I did not give up; I made another sign, then a few weeks later, she did it again. I became more determined. I created and printed ads and laid them around PVCC; created my MySpace and Facebook pages and whatnot. Then that B-Dog ripped up my notes and all, dragged me to her quarters and talked down to me very RUDELY AND HOARSELY. I reacted with my own attack that she had been asking for the whole time. I was kicked out of PVCC for a year, and I had to take an anger management course and see a psychiatrist for a while. I was allowed back in.
I continued with my courses, passed with good grades; made the Dean's List and Graduated with my Degree and Certificate. This was a HAPPIER GRADUATION FOR ME, because I was Finally LOSING MY TIES WITH THAT HELL-HOLE THAT SHOWED NO LOVE FOR ME, OR MY NOBLE SEARCH FOR TRUE LOVE.
After the first encounter with Mary, I put her into my comics from the start as MY personal MAIN Adversary, with her hoard of Impostor Police People, also known as Jerkops, and the Notorious Count Graduon trapped in the glass orb on the scepter she wields.
The Continuing, Enduring Search
As drawn in my Sub-Episodes, I had my encounters outside of PVCC with the Jerkops who beat me up, dragged me around and all in my Search. It happened at the Fashion Square Shopping Mall, at my Local Wal-Mart and Target. I was even taken to court after the Target incident, but because of my volunteer work with the Pokemon Trading Card Game League at the Game & Hobby Place, I was put under watch for 3 months, then found Innocent and cleared of all charges.
During all this, I learned from my mother that the sign made me look retarded, and eventually, I did away with the sign.
I drew more comics, making them more about me than Sonichu and Rosechu (BIG MISTAKE), but I was feeling lonely, sad and all.
Becoming Internet Famous without having to leave Home
Continuing to draw and upload onto the Sonichu Site I had continue to update now and then, I did not realize that I had a growing fanbase for Sonichu, Rosechu and myself. I had received Fan-E-Mails during my after-college life in 2006.
I felt pleasantly surprised.
Later, in March 17, 2007, Sonichu's 7th Birtday, I realized that I was able to afford a 60GB Playstation 3, so I went out and invested in one. And I would later not only play games on it, but back up my comic pages and other images, play my tunes, watch some saved flicks, browse the internet over my shortly-later acquired Cable-Modem with Wi-Fi Router, and communicate through the Playstation Network.
This Sub-Section's contains mentioning of a webpage of ADULT CONTENT; DO NOT VISIT IT if you're squeamish or Under 18 Years of Age.**
The E.D. Webpage
Around November 1, 2007, just after I purchased a Nintendo Wii from my buddy, Joshua Martinez, I found in a Google Search of "Sonichu" the beginning paragraph and digital photograph that was the start of the "Chris_chan" page, which can be found in History as "22:46, 3 November 2007 Mr. E (Talk | Contribs) (4,664 bytes) (→The Horrible Discovery)", that was just the seed of twisting around my words and whatnot for their Cheap Laughs at MY Expense.
A Picture was taken THE FRIDAY NIGHT just before discovering the page by an individual who was at the Pokemon TCG League I was attending; the picture was blurry. The TWO FIENDS who dared to contribute to this SLANDEROUS MESS who were there was Pokemon, Yu-Gi-Oh and Naruto card game palyer, Daniel Mimms and his buddy/accomplice Lucas.
After discovery, I fought, God and Lord Knows how many times, long and hard to have that page taken down and removed from the internet forever. But sadly, my one plan of TMI-Input-To-Overload-Their-Minds-And-STOP backfired on me, as I had inadvertently added to that heck-fire.
Most of the time after, I ignored that page, but to add more of their "LULZ" or as I call it, "Laughs Under Lucrativeness", those Malicious Individuals started BULLYING and TROLLING ME. Even to go so far as to Falsely Earn my trust by posing as women on Instant Messages. I was tricked for months, but I gave it the LAST STRAW at Early March, 2009, when one Troll revealed himself to me in the Audio Online Chatroom, known as Mumble, to be the THOUGHT-OF-AS-FOR-MONTHS FEMALE I had chatted with online.
I have learned a lot from August, 2008 to Early March, 2009 between the "Women" I talked to and was tricked into trusting, I am capable of telling the difference from the truth from THEIR LIES.
Currently...
I reside with my family at our Ruckersville Home, drawing my comics, playing video games, gettin' my money from the Government every month, doing well and socializing locally. I have found my Sweetheart, who resides in another state, but she and I have been talking for over Two Months over telephone; her name is Ivy. She has proven herself to me by doing a Major Task, among many, that I required a Female Sweetheart for; she Fixed my Biological Clock. I was going to bed at 6 AM at the latest and waking mid-afternoon; now I'm falling asleep at 9 PM to Midnight, and waking at 6 to 9 AM. Also, soon after fixing my clock, God and Jesus came down and told me themselves that Ivy was TRULY the Woman I've been holding out for.
She and I will be meeting soon, after she finishes her semester at the college she's attending. I have also talked to her father; I respect him as he is a True Policeman, and that he is the father of my Sweetheart.
Church
I have been going to Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church for over a year now. I was baptized there Mothers' Day of 2008. I have opened my heart for God and Jesus, and they guide me now when I need guidance.
More Information About Myself
I would appreciate it if I was FULLY UNDERSTOOD as the Noble Gentleman that I am.
My mother and father are good people, I've had good role models who showed me how to act as a gentleman, Red Skelton to name one. I also see myself as a leader-figure, like Optimus Prime. I have made mistakes in my lifetime, even bad ones that could be considered "Shots to my own Foot", but I'm only human like the rest of the human population.
Also, my favorite movie of all time is "Mary Poppins", and Britney Spears is my favorite Music Star.
And SO I MAKE IT CLEAR!
I Wish to be Understood, Treated and Respected as an Individual Straight Human Male in this vast crazy world of various people and all that.
Show Me Some Respect, Please; I am Human like you.
--Christian Weston Chandler (talk) 06:38, 3 May 2009 (UTC)
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Chris's Wikipedia profile
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris%27s_Wikipedia_profile&oldid=321438"