Title: Chris's homes
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Gateway_Homes
Categories: Articles of the Now, Places
================================================================================

“
Virginia is actually a beautiful state in most of its locations between the cities and the country scenery and suburbs, not to mention the Blue Ridge Mountains. The parks, trails, and nature areas are clean and lovely in Charlottesville.
”
Chris[1]
14 Branchland Court, Chris's main residence for the majority of his life, until he was kicked out by authorities for committing incest with his mother.
Chris has lived all his life in the Commonwealth of Virginia, leaving only to visit other parts of the United States (and, as of 2024, Finland) for short periods of time. However, for various reasons he has lived in six different homes over the course of his life, in three different regions of the state. He has also spent time in three jails, a mental hospital, and a group home.
Chris was born in a Charlottesville hospital and spent his early years in Ruckersville, a bumfuck town on the outskirts of Charlottesville, which is mainly inhabited by people similar to the late Bob Chandler. During his middle and high school years (1993-2000), he lived in a less bumfuck suburban area 77 miles (125 km) away, just outside the city of Richmond in Chesterfield County. His family decided to return to Ruckersville after Chris finished high school in 2000.
In August 2021, Chris was jailed for incest at a facility in Orange County, as Greene County (where Ruckersville is located) does not have a jail of its own. In February 2022 he was transferred to Western State Hospital in Staunton to be made competent to stand trial. In May 2022 he was returned to the jail. In March 2023 he was released to Gateway Homes, where he stayed for several months. As of fall 2023, Chris is currently living in Big Island, a rural community outside the city of Lynchburg, in a house purchased by Caden Peck.
Contents
1 Chesterfield County
1.1 Cloverleaf Lakes Apartments
1.2 Surreywood Subdivision
1.3 Newberry Towne Subdivision
2 Greene County
2.1 14 Branchland Court
2.2 Rental House
3 Bedford County
3.1 Big Island house
4 Jails and institutions
4.1 Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail
4.2 Henrico County Regional Jail West
4.3 Central Virginia Regional Jail
4.4 Western State Hospital
4.5 Gateway Homes
5 Desired housing
6 See also
7 References
Chesterfield County
Cloverleaf Lakes Apartments.
Surreywood.
Richmond is the capital city of Virginia and the former capital of the Confederate States of America. Chesterfield County is just southwest of Richmond and contains many of its suburbs. Chris and his parents lived in this area from 1993 to 2000. During his life here, Chris attended Providence Middle School and Manchester High School. He attended Korean Canaan Presbyterian Church with his father and occasionally went swimming at the local YMCA. By late 1999 he was regularly playing Pokémon at Books-A-Million.
The Chandler family moved back to Ruckersville at the end of Chris's senior year, meaning that his transition from childhood to adulthood was marked by a physical relocation across the state. This move has therefore acquired enormous symbolic significance for Chris. His complete failure to become a successful adult since then, coupled with his rose-tinted view of high school and his gal-pals, have caused him to romanticize Chesterfield County. He continues to believe that had his family not moved back to "lame Ruckersville," he would currently be drowning in china and everything would be perfect and uncomplicated.
The Chandlers have ties to the Richmond area going back to well before Chris's birth. Barb moved to Richmond in 1961 with her first husband Ran Coleman Yeatts, and Bob moved to the area with his family in 1975 for work. Barb's son Cole was brought up in inner Richmond, and Bob's son Alan attended high school in Chesterfield County and daughter Carol attended Providence Middle School in Chesterfield County, the same school Chris would later attend. Bob and Barb met at a bar in Richmond in 1979 and were living at Bob's house in Chesterfield County at the time of their marriage in 1980. They left the area shortly afterward when Bob was transferred by his job to Charlottesville.
Chris attended Anime Mid-Atlantic in Richmond in summer 2004 and 2005, staying at a hotel both years for the three-day event.
Chris's Aunt Harriet and Uncle Tom Ashby also live in Chesterfield County, as does his uncle Wayne Weston. Chris leaked Harriet and Tom's then-current home address in the Miyamoto emails, hoping that Shigeru Miyamoto would send them a letter to somehow establish his legitimacy. They have since moved to a different residence, also in Chesterfield County, and wisely chose not to share their new address with Chris or Barb.[2] In the wake of the summer 2021 allegation that Chris had committed incest with his mother, Chris was forbidden by Emergency Protective Order from the home he shared with her and made plans to stay with his Aunt Harriet and Uncle Tom; however, they refused to accommodate him after they learned what he had done. Chris had already driven to Richmond, however, so he booked a room at the Regency Inn Richmond, a drive-in motel a short distance away from the Regency Square Mall in Henrico County; after spending the night of July 31 there, he was arrested and jailed the following afternoon.[3]
Cloverleaf Lakes Apartments
The Cloverleaf Lakes Apartments are a set of apartments located just outside of Richmond in Chesterfield County, where the Chandler family lived from September 1993 through the summer of 1995.
Chris's Wikipedia profile and his DVD Slideshow Transcripts state that he moved to Chesterfield County in September 1992. A 1993 Richmond Times-Dispatch article, however, makes it clear that he moved in September 1993 and that he was still living in Ruckersville during Christmas 1992.
Chris claimed to have often seen "whooping cranes" in the duck pond behind their domicile.[4] Whooping cranes are nearly extinct and are not found in Virginia, so it's more likely that he saw sandhill cranes.
Surreywood Subdivision
Another view of the Surreywood house
The Surreywood Subdivision, or as Chris spells it, "Surrywood", is an area of 506 homes in Chesterfield County where the Chandlers lived from 1995 to 1996.
Newberry Towne Subdivision
The Newberry Towne Subdivision is an area of 295 homes in Chesterfield County.[5] The Chandlers lived at 6008 Partingdale Circle[6] from 1996 to 2000, Chris's important high school years. It is a three-bedroom, three-bathroom condominium built in 1978.
According to Chris, the neighbors spread rumors about his family. He "didn't care much ado about it", but his parents "couldn't take it sitting down".[7] These rumors may be related to a mysterious individual named Jamie Dunn, who Bob claims harrassed the family beginning in 1999 and tried to get him locked up in jail.[8] Chris has never discussed the rumors in detail or mentioned whether they were a factor in the family's decision to move away from the Richmond area. He has, however, speculated that dark forces on the Greene County School Board back home conspired to force the relocation.
6008 Partingdale Circle.
Chris sitting outside his home.
Chris in the kitchen.
Chris and Barbara celebrating his 17th birthday in the presumably living room.
Chris celebrating his 18th birthday in the living room.
The living room shortly thereafter, in the midst of the move to Ruckersville.
Chris's room in high school.
Chris's illustration of his room, with Spanish annotations.
Greene County
Bob and Barbara first moved to the Charlottesville area circa 1980 when Bob was transferred there from General Electric's location in Richmond. When they first moved there, they had no ties to the area, and in all the time they lived there they made little effort to establish any. Greene County is on the northeastern outskirts of the Charlottesville area and is predominantly rural in nature, although Ruckersville, located near the Albemarle County line, is more suburban.
14 Branchland Court
Main article: 14 Branchland Court
Chris spent his first years in Ruckersville, VA, where the Chandlers resided at 14 Branchland Court. He and his father moved to the Richmond area after Chris left the fourth grade due to a dispute with the local school system. According to a video address Chris released on 8 May 2010, the Chandlers tried to sell 14 Branchland Court at some point during their time living in Richmond, but were unable to do so. As a consequence, Chris says, they were forced to move back to Ruckersville after he graduated high school. In the late 2010s, Chris has taken to referring to the house as the "Temple".
Rental House
Main article: Rental House
After 14BC was damaged by a fire in January 2014, Chris and Barb moved to a temporary rental house at 6382 Flintstone Drive in the nearby unincorporated community of Barboursville around 3 miles southeast of 14BC. By January 2015, they had fully returned to 14BC.
Bedford County
Big Island house
Photo of the house from Zillow
Main article: Lynchburg and Big Island, VA
In June 2023, Caden Peck and a LLC purchased a 5 bed, 4 bath house in Big Island, a census-designated place in Bedford County near the city of Lynchburg.
Chris was first spotted in Lynchburg on 20 July 2023. He had been spotted shopping in Chesterfield County on the 3rd of that month, indicating that he likely took up residence in Big Island between those two dates. Chris himself has since confirmed he is now living in the Lynchburg area.
Photos later showed Chris's car parked at the Big Island house. It has not been confirmed by Chris directly that he is living at the house, but he has time and time again posted photos and recordings of the property, including several shelves with his toys which most likely means it's the case.
Jails and institutions
Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail
Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail serves the city of Charlottesville and the surrounding suburban area of Albemarle County. Chris has spent a total of four nights in the jail, and Barb has spent one night there.
Chris was first driven to the jail in July 2005 following an incident at Target, but he was ultimately released without a full arrest.
Following the 28 October 2011 incident, Chris and Barb were arrested and spent the night of 28-29 October in the jail before being released on bail.
Following the 26 December 2014 incident, Chris was arrested and taken to the jail once again. Because he was arrested on a Friday, he spent three nights in jail before being released on bail on Monday, 29 December.
Henrico County Regional Jail West
Chris spent the night of 1-2 August 2021 in Henrico County Regional Jail West following his arrest for incest just outside of Richmond. On 2 August he was transferred to Central Virginia Regional Jail.[9]
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Main article: Central Virginia Regional Jail
From 2 August 2021 through 28 February 2022, and again from 3 May 2022 through 27 March 2023, Chris was held without bond at Central Virginia Regional Jail (or as he once called it, "this Jail of Fail")[10] in Orange, where he awaited several hearings on the charge of incest.[11]
Western State Hospital
Main article: Western State Hospital
On 28 February 2022, Chris was officially transferred from CVRJ to an undisclosed location which turned out to be Western State Hospital, a mental hospital located in Staunton, Virginia, about 50 miles west of Ruckersville.[12] He may actually have been transferred immediately after his hearing on 3 February, as his last jail letters from before the transfer are dated 30 January. Chris was held in 1 Hickory, a long-term unit. He was transferred back to CVRJ on 3 May.
Gateway Homes
An artist's depiction of Chris at Gateway Homes.
On 21 January 2023, a letter appeared in Chris's court record from Gateway Homes, a non-profit organization that provides mental health services in a residential setting in rural Chesterfield County.[13] After his release from Central Virginia Regional Jail, beginning on 1 May 2023, Chris has been spotted in a variety of locations throughout Chesterfield County, lending support to the hypothesis that Chris resided there. One observer claimed that Chris was picked up from a shopping trip by a large black van, also suggesting that he was institutionalized at the time and did not have access to a car of his own. In a November 2023 livestream, Chris confirmed he was transferred to Gateway after his stint in jail.[14]
Desired housing
On 18 April 2018, while in a chat with the Idea Guys, Chris claimed that he was planning to move out. In response to Wise threatening his mother, Chris answered that "I Need Her Alive. Until After I am moved out. And I did take the first step on that by taking with my friends about helping me find the new place to move to."[15] However, no apparent progress was made on that, as Chris still lived with his mother until his August 2021 arrest for incest.
On 4 September 2020, Chris mentioned that he wished for "a fully-paid for and set up two-story" house on Westwood Drive in Ruckersville for Naught and MKRNightVee to move into. Chris claimed that he didn't ship them together. He said this wish was because 14 Branchland Court was not suitable for them to chill at because of Clover and Snoopy being stressed around other people.[16]
See also
List of geographic areas
References
↑ Jail Letter - 8 November 2021 (Stories from the Penitentiary)
↑ Rental House Tour
↑ Jail Letter - 19 September 2021
↑ DVD Slideshow Transcripts#CWC Note 2
↑ [1]
↑ A Week With Christian Chandler, page 1
↑ DVD, note 2
↑ Ivy Q&A#The End
↑ https://dailyprogress.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/greene-county-woman-charged-with-incest/article_fbee4158-f3db-11eb-9ebc-bf432f1c0e8f.html
↑ Jail Letter - 4 October 2021
↑ https://dailyprogress.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/greene-county-woman-charged-with-incest/article_fbee4158-f3db-11eb-9ebc-bf432f1c0e8f.html
↑ Jail Letter - 1 June 2022
↑ File:Court Record - Greene Circuit Court - Incest - (Chris, CR22000141-00) - 30 January 2023 - Pleadings-Orders.png
↑ Medallion Moulding Q&A
↑ Cryzel Torture
↑ Anaxis DMs
v • d • e
The places of Chris's life
Housing
14 Branchland Court (Chris's room • Kitchen • Yard • 2014 house fire) • Cloverleaf Lakes Apartments • Surreywood Subdivision • Newberry Towne Subdivision • Rental House • Regency Inn Richmond • Central Virginia Regional Jail • Western State Hospital • Big Island house
Education
Greene County Primary School • James Madison University • Providence Middle School • Nathanael Greene Elementary School • Manchester High School • Piedmont Virginia Community College (not to be confused with Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens)
Churches
Grace Baptist Church • Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
Jobs
Cutco Cutlery • Wendy's • Books-a-million • Toys “R” Us • Sonichu Entertainment of America
Other attraction locations
University of Virginia • Charlottesville Fashion Square (Abercrombie & Fitch • Chick-fil-A • Pac Sun • Starbucks) • Wal-Mart (McDonald's) • Target • The GAMe PLACe • Impulse Gay Social-Club • Fridays After Five
Conventions
Animate! Raleigh • Anime Mid-Atlantic • BronyCon (2017 • 2018 • 2019) • MAGfest • OmegaCon • TooManyGames
Other places
Anytime Fitness • Best Buy • Burger King • Country Cookin • "Create-a-Crear Workshop" • Cville Pride • The End Games • GameStop • Golden Corral • McIntire Park • Region Ten • Snooky's Pawn Shop • Taco Bell
Cities
Albemarle County (Advance Mills) • Bedford County (Big Island) • Charlottesville • Chesterfield County (Midlothian) • Greene County (Barboursville • Ruckersville • Stanardsville) • Harrisonburg • Lynchburg • Richmond
Countries
Australatina • China • Confederate States • Finland • Japan • Molvanîa • Russia • United States (Virginia • Ohio • Other individual states) • Other
Extra-terrestrial locations
Dimensions • The Moon • The Sun
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris%27s_homes&oldid=352489#Gateway_Homes"