Title: Chris and kindness
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Chris_and_kindness
Categories: Articles of the Now, Chris and...
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
“
I Knew they were trolls, but they had Good Intentions, and they were genuinely Kind Individuals. I am not listening to your bull shit.
”
Chris showing that he prefers kindness over reason.[1]
“
For I am ze kind and compassionate Chrrristine Chandler!
”
Chris, proclaiming his kindness and his ability to roll his R's
"Show me kindness and fun: I smile for you all!"
Despite all of his moments of rage, death threats, lies, and... yuck, Chris does have a soft side, and he is not afraid to show it. As of recently, he will more often than not be motivated to act kind towards other people, even towards complete strangers. Due to his autism and upbringing making it difficult to empathize with others, these attempts are often awkward and occasionally cross the line to disrespect.
Chris has also shown a number of times that due to his facade of kindness to others, he can very easily be manipulated by other people, as he rarely questions anyone's intentions beforehand, as that would be the "unkind" thing to do. This shows that Chris seems to have a stronger appeal to just being kind to people for its own sake, rather than so that he can be more approachable, as he cannot distinguish when it is most appropriate to accept an offer vs politely declining it.
Contents
1 Origins of his kindness
2 Chris and his morality
3 Empathy
4 Motivations for doing good
4.1 Love Quest and gal pals
4.2 Defending others
4.3 Avoiding trouble
4.4 Personal benefit
5 How Chris demonstrates kindness
6 Genuine acts of kindness
7 See also
8 References
Origins of his kindness
Given his obsessions with fictional media, and what we know about his formative years, it's very likely that Chris learned much of his ideals and how to act towards others from watching television as a child (note that Chris once stated on a school assignment that he considers TV an effective part of child-rearing[2]). Among 80's cartoons like Transformers and The Smurfs, he has specifically cited Care Bears[3] [4] and especially The Adventures of the American Rabbit (his first role model before Sonic the Hedgehog[5]) as influences.
This might also explain why Chris preaches the importance of virtues he has demonstrably failed to live up to for years (and still does), sees the world with simplistic black and white morality, resists anyone telling him hard truths because they don't sound nice and sympathetic enough, easily latches onto anything seemingly beneficial to him without a second thought and so forth. His tendencies toward binary perception and poor perception of reality presumably didn't help one bit either.
Chris and his morality
Chris conflicting with his morality and his desires at the same time
PROTIP:
Please be aware that the Chris described below evolved into a literal motherfucker in early June, 2021 and slept with his mother "every three days" until Chris was finally ordered out of Barb's house on the 30th of July by Social Services. Revising this page will be a difficult task. Altering this older portrait of our "selfish but harmless idiot" would make it harder to illustrate the changes in him and his ability to justify all of his own actions, however depraved.
Like his beliefs on religion and gender, Chris's stance on morality is difficult to interpret. Chris often claims that he is a kind, good-natured, saintly person that doesn't deserve scorn. To a certain extent, he's right, but for all of the wrong reasons.
Despite what one may think about Chris, the reality is that he is relatively harmless and is somewhat capable of distinguishing right and wrong. But that is only scratching the surface, as Chris's selfishness and naivete often turn out to be the main culprits behind him doing immoral actions, rather than true malevolence.
One infamous example of this behavior is when he foolishly drew and uploaded SheCameForCWC.jpg onto Encyclopedia Dramatica as a means to combat all of the pictures of ducks and pickles he found on the site, as well as to prove his straightness, not thinking about how Megan might respond to being depicted in such an undignified manner in a shoddily drawn piece of porn. Megan, who was looking for just about any reason to stop talking to Chris,[6] was understandably revolted. However, what cements the fact that his naivete was partly responsible is how Chris tried to explain to Megan what happened in the picture itself, thinking that she was inexperienced with sex, and didn't understand what was going on, rather than the obvious fact that she was depicted in such a demeaning situation, and that Chris obviously wants to pound her.
An outsider's account has confirmed this, specifically that of Mimms and Lucas. Mimms stated that Chris didn't seem aware he had committed wrongdoings to justify getting banned from The GAMe PLACe (but he certainly knew he was no longer welcome there)[7]. Though Chris didn't seem to recall anything beyond a so-called "Wii incident" or "shout(ing) a loud outburst twice", he still saw fit to try and apologize to Michael Snyder (in a predictably failed bid to have his ban repealed).
Whoever Chris acts kindly to depends on who he would classify as his "friends" and his "enemies". If someone gets in the way of whatever he wants to do, or he shifts the blame on someone else for his own fails, Chris will deem that someone as a troll that wants nothing more of him than to make him miserable, showing very little respect of whoever inconvenienced him. Whoever Chris doesn't classify as a troll or feels "temporarily" joined the side of the trolls are his friends. Typically, Chris will attempt to befriend internet celebrities and staff members of the media he enjoys.
Empathy
Chris has a very warped understanding of empathy. This could be attributed to his autism, as autistic people generally have difficulty empathizing with others, although Chris's case has much more to do with his upbringing.
His dubious (if virtually nonexistent) ability to empathize has also led him to denounce most anyone with whom he had a conflict as mean, heartless or even flat out villainous, irrespective of all evidence pointing towards responsibility for turmoil falling on him. Despite fervently chiding them for allegedly lacking a heart, he often neglects to take their thoughts and feelings into consideration himself, preferring to instead jump to conclusions just because they happen to deviate from his extremely simplistic ideals (not to mention deny him what he feels entitled to have).
Motivations for doing good
Love Quest and gal pals
While socializing with his alleged pals, Chris always takes the time to act as kind as possible to them, to the point where it becomes downright disturbing. Unsurprisingly, Chris has used Social Media as a means of continuing his Love Quest and finding the sweetheart he has desired for over a decade. Because of that, most of the people Chris attempts to befriend are girls, with and without boyfriends.
In terms of friendships on social media, whenever he feels he's up the creek without a paddle, Chris will almost always doubt that he is in any way responsible for anybody turning against him because, in his eyes, he is too kind for anyone to simply block him on Twitter or to be hated by the masses, and instead shifts the blame on the trolls. This coupled with the fact that Chris refuses to see the worst out of his friends unless he gets the hint that they denied access to their china makes it sound even more disturbing.
Defending others
As mentioned above with the Doopie saga, Chris has a tendency to believe he is doing good when in reality, he isn't. A common motivation for doing what he believes to be good is so that he can 'defend' someone he thinks is close to him; Chris has demonstrated this numerous times with Troll-created Sweethearts, such as attempting to 'defend' Julie from Clyde Cash in voice chat sessions, then driving all the way to Cleveland in his belief that she would be there. Chris has also attempted to shift the focus of Weening against Doopie to himself in his Twitter campaign, when in reality the situation, far less serious than he thought it was, could have been resolved had Chris simply quieted down.
Avoiding trouble
In other instances, Chris will only act kindly to people to avoid getting into trouble. Whenever he tries to apologize to anyone, it's usually for reasons such as getting his PSN account back, or in an attempt to get back into places he was banned from.
Personal benefit
In general, the reason for Chris's acting kindly towards others is his thinking that doing so is the best way to manipulate them into doing whatever he wants them to. This is possibly due to his misunderstanding of simple etiquette and manners.
How Chris demonstrates kindness
Apologizing
As mentioned above, Chris has a very limited understanding of empathy. On the rare occasions in which Chris admits his misdeeds and apologizes for them, ulterior motives are usually, if not always, present. This is in part to his upbringing and otherwise due to other things such as autism, all of which limit his ability to understand empathy. Curiously, Chris seems to lack the tendency to over-apologize for things, a trait known to be found in people on the spectrum, and normally will remain obstinate and particularly stubborn in his opinions unless forced to admit he was wrong, or if apologizing for some self-serving purpose.
Using pet names
To refer to a gal-pal in a "kind" nonsexual manner, Chris will often refer to them as either "darling" or "dear".[8] However, since Chris obviously doesn't understand how creepy it is to refer to a girl he's just met on the internet as a "darling", most girls who talk to Chris online will be set off by Chris's misuse of the word.
Gift-giving
Chris has shown several times his belief that kindness can be equated to simply furnishing others with luxuries such as video games, movies, comic books and other such gifts, not realising that charity alone is not the only virtue required to be considered kind. Perhaps the most noticeable instance of this was during his friendship with Megan, in which he carried out a protracted program of gift-giving practically right up to the moment it all came crashing down. The Idea Guys manipulated this aspect of Chris's beliefs on kindness to have him be extorted into providing them with vast sums of money, alongside brand new video games and consoles, as revealed by invoices provided by Chris to the Guard Dogs during the early stages of Operation Kingsnake.
Genuine acts of kindness
During Liquid Chris saga, Chris wanted to get Liquid arrested, and therefore placing him in prison. However, after talking with Kacey, he decided that he "would hate to see you in jail, out of respect, and of care, because she would be heartbroken."[9] It's worth mentioning that only a few seconds later, he threatens to get him tried in court, so this should be taken with a grain of salt.
Chris once participated in raising funds for Alex's Lemonade Stand, a charity program that works to raise awareness of childhood cancer. Although he did it in memory of his deceased father, who actually passed away as a result of heart disease rather than cancer, it was still considered a positive contribution Chris made to society.
He also donated to Red Cross in the wake of Hurricane Harvey in September 2017.
On a relatively minor note, Lucas of The GAMe PLACe recalled Chris brought in his Wii for a tournament on the release of Super Smash Bros. Brawl[10]. Bear in mind this was the one positive moment involving Chris that Lucas recollected and Mimms stated he felt Chris lacked any redeeming quality to speak of.
See also
Chris and remorse
References
↑ December 2019 social media posts#Teen Troon Squad
↑ Manchester High Leaks#Chapter 1 study guide
↑ Jackie E-mails 30
↑ Sarah May Skype Logs#Chris leaves over a claim of homosexuality
↑ Chris's Wikipedia profile#His Early Years - Birth to 1992
↑ Mimms and Lucas Q&A#Initial post
↑ Mimms_and_Lucas_Q&A#Chris's_ban_from_the_store
↑ LadyOfTheCosmo
↑ CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!
↑ Mimms and Lucas Q&A#Tabletop games
Chris and...
Body: Drugs • Fashion • Gender • Health • Nutrition • Sex
Psyche: Coping • Manipulation • Mental healthcare • Nostalgia • Reality
Personality: Anger • Ego • Hypocrisy • Introspection • Kindness • Negligence • Personality • Remorse • Stress
Expression: Art • Censorship • English • Language • Music • Oratory • Spanish • Writing
Society: Animals • Contests • Death • The Law • Politics • Pornography • Race • Reading • Religion • Sexuality • Socialization • Sports
Business: Brand loyalty • Business • Copyright • Money • Negotiation • Work
Technology: AI • Cameras • Electronics • The Internet • Science • Television • Video Games
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris_and_kindness&oldid=322706"