Title: Chris's resume
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Resume
Categories: Category, Historical Documents
================================================================================

On 9 September 2009, Chris's résumé finally surfaced onto the Internet, through the effort of a troll with a friend who worked in an HR department.
Contents
1 Analysis
2 Chris's cover letter
3 The résumé
3.1 Contact Info
3.2 Objectives
3.3 Experience
3.4 School Experience
3.4.1 Professional Education
3.4.2 Academic Education
3.5 References
3.6 Job Objective, Full Story
3.7 Periodical References
3.8 Additional Information
3.9 Career Goals
3.10 Chris's Resume Writing Worksheet
3.10.1 Contact Information
3.10.2 Job Objective
3.10.3 Work Experience (Tip: List most recent first)
3.10.4 Education (List most recent first)
3.10.5 References (Tip: avoid using family members)
3.10.6 Resume Writing Worksheet Job Objective
3.10.7 Resume Writing Worksheet Gallery
3.11 See Also
3.12 References
Analysis
As is to be expected for someone with no discernible skills and extremely limited work experience, the résumé is less than impressive. No fewer than three times, Chris pads his résumé by claiming his "volunteer work" for Pokémon league events at The GAMe PLACe and other locations as actual work experience (when in reality he had no authority, and in fact was himself closely monitored by the actual employees).
Chris's résumé includes a few points where he talks about his desire to work for a comics publisher, such as DC or Archie. However, it's unlikely that Chris has sent any work or a résumé to either company, likely simply uploading it to Monster and waiting for others to contact him (not unlike his Attraction Sign). He is seemingly unaware or unwilling to accept that the industry standard for a professional graphic designer (working for DC or Archie) is not only a well-organized portfolio demonstrating samples of his work but also a bachelor's degree in Graphic Design and demonstrated proficiency in accepted design software such as the Adobe Creative Suite. Non-art work experience is rarely considered unless it is mentioned as an essential part of the job description.
His cover letter can be described as a Sonichu-driven ego rub. Even at a quick glance, one can see that three entire paragraphs are dedicated towards describing Sonichu and Rosechu and how they've made him "internet famous," instead of what it should be about (reasons why it would be a good idea to hire him.) In typical Chris-Chan fashion, he seems to think that he's in complete control of what (Sonichu-related) responsibilities he should be given in the organization, and makes a serious no-no by mentioning that the job should have "good pay," which is usually a turn-off to serious employers.
His "quick construction skills from scratch" (especially considering that he's referring to constructing decks in a children's card game) would mean nothing in interviewing for the very job he seeks to obtain. Indeed, it would be of no interest to any potential employer, for that matter. Furthermore, according to two people who actually had a chance to play card games with Chris, his deck construction skills are severely lacking.
The resume also has a number of CWC-style butcheries of well known idioms, such as the particularly grating phrase "Elbow-greased strength," which only serve to make it more nonsensical.
Furthermore, while the field for "job objectives" offers three lines for a succinct answer, Chris, typical of his rambling style, attaches three extra pages of useless junk, thus ensuring that any potential employer will not make any efforts to read the entire résumé.
Also included is a hand-written "Resume Writing Worksheet," a presumably earlier draft with slightly different wording and a greater emphasis on the dang, dirty trolls. As is the nature of resumes, this material is rather repetitive.
Chris's cover letter
8/16/2009
Dear Hiring Manager:
I, Christian Weston Chandler, Birth name: Christopher, born on February 24, 1982 in Charlottesville, Virginia, am an artist with vast experiences in multiple art classes with multiple media throughout my whole lifetime from Green County Primary School to Piedmont Virginia Community Collge, with a diploma from Manchester High School and a degree and certificate in Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD) from PVCC.
Since the inspiration and conception of Sonichu, the Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon on March 17, 2000, I have grown further in his stories, plots and adventures in a series of hand-drawn and computer-edited comic books. I also have had and passed two HTML classes, and created from notepad scratch, CWC's PokeSite 2!, El PokeSite de R.W.C. (Ricardo Weston Chandler was my Spanish nickname given to me during my two years of Spanish in Manchester High), and most importantly, the First and Original website dedicated to Sonichu, Rosechu and their adventures, CWC's Sonichu Site.
I was also noted twice later in the periodicals of Nintendo Power magazine and PVCC's The Forum for being the original creator of Sonichu and all. (See Periodical References below).
With the Sonichu Stie originally located at http://sonichuchandler.tripod.com/cwcson.htm, it stayed online from about 2000 until early 2009, whereas my Sonichu and Rosechu fanbase has grown massively over the years; there were also internet bullies and trolls. And the trolls hacked into and compromised my original Tripod webhosting account. I've had to pull the plug on the Tripod account and move on to another webhosting site. The second webhosting account suffered the same fate as the first, and then I moved to GoDaddy. It got hacked too, and so I pulled the plug on all my websites late May, 2009. I stayed off for about two months, then a gal-pal of mine about that time set up for me a start of what is now the New Original CWC's Sonichu and Rosechu Site; the wikipedia-styled Cwcipedia at http://cogsdev.110mb.com/cwcipedia/index.php/Main_Page. As I have done on the previous site, I have re-uploaded my Sonichu comic pages, and I am steadily expanding further with more stories and character bio pages.
I would like to be paper-published with a comic book company like Archie, Marvel, DC or Dark Horse comics, complete with Official Sonichu and Rosechu Merchandise I can personally sign-off on to follow for my Worldwide Fanbase.
Accept no imposturous substitutes who claim to be me or have any rights on my Sonichu and Rosechu stuff; I stand strong with my continued use of the Copyright © symbol on each of all my books and original singular art pieces and the date of creation of March 17, 2000. I have eye-witnesses at Manchester High of Sonichu's conception and creation on that date. It also bothers me that the trolls are even selling bootleg copies of my Life DVD, Christian Weston Chandler. Yep...I'm On T.V., which was originally intent solely for family and close friend distribution. Trust one of the trolls to snag a copy and rip the vieos from the six-hour DVD-R.
I became famous without having to leave my house or go out-of-state or city.
After recent realization, on about July 17, 2009, of what I want to do, I wish to make it all official; get me paper-published with a comic book company like Archie, Marvel, DC or Dark Horse comics, with continuing work as a comic book artist and story creator/editor, good pay, eventual official Sonichu and Rosechu merchandise that I can personally and officially sign-off on and further enforce my nine-year-old copyright with a more peaceful future.
I feel that my Sonichu and Rosechu and self adventure stories would be an asset for the Comic Book, and all associated, industries.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I hope to have the opportunity to discuss the opening with you in person.
Sincerely
Christian Weston Chandler
Periodical References
Nintendo Power, Volume 179, May, 2004, Page 89: "Sonichu's Cwcville Documentary"
Piedmont Virginia Community College's The Forum, Volume 1, No. 13, April 26, 2004: "Meet Sonichu: Student Featured in Nintendo Power," By Kari Mitchell, The Forum Assistant Editor.
The résumé
The following is Chris's complete résumé, as it was posted on the popular résumé website Monster.com, with only minor edits for wiki styling.
Contact Info
"Christopher" Christian Weston Chandler
14 Branchland Ct., Ruckersville, VA 22968-9545
Home: 434-990-0198
Cell: 434-760-0848
Cwcipedia/CWC’s Sonichu and Rosechu Site!
[http://cogsdev.110mb.com/cwcipedia/index.php/Main_Page http://cogsdev.110mb.com/cwcipedia/index.php/Main_Page]
Objectives
I wish to make my Sonichu and Rosechu franchise Official, with getting me paper published at Archie, Marvel, DC or Dark Horse Comics, with continuing work as Comic Book Artist and Story Creator/Editor, good pay, eventual Official Sonichu and Rosechu Merchandise that I, personally, can officially sign-off on and further enforce my nine-year-old copyright with a more peaceful future. (See attached pages for more info).
Experience
[Note: for some reason, Chris listed each experience with an "Experience" heading. It is unknown why Chris did this, but for the sake of clarity, all job experience is collated into one heading.]
Date of Employment: March 17, 2000 – Current
(Self) C.W.C. Comics
Ruckersville, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: Drawing, writing, coloring and story-telling the continuing adventures of Sonichu, Rosechu and myself from life, creating from scratch and setting up the first original Sonichu Site, CWC’s Sonichu Site, as well as its sibling sites.
Functional Skills: Great hand-drawing skills, story-telling and editing, building design from Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD), quick touch-typing skills, great Photoshop experiences, good HTML skills.
Transferable Skills: All of the above.
Date of Employment: June, 2003 – September, 2003
Cutco Cutlery
Charlottesville, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: Salesman of their fine cutlery with the patented double-d edges.
Functional Skills: Good people/social skills, great memorization of the salesman routine (won my boss over greatly with that memorizing).
Transferable Skills: Good people/social skills, memorizing and swift learning.
Date of Employment: August, 2001 – October, 2001[1]
Wendys[sic] Restaurant
Ruckersville, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: Cleaning trays, tables and carpet/tile flooring, keeping the place neat and serving the customers with kind, understanding help.
Functional Skills: Elbow-greased strength, good people/social skills.
Transferable Skills: All of the above.
Date of Employment: March, 1998 [sic][2] – June, 2000
Books-a-Million
Midlothian, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: I volunteered to help out as the Gym Leader’s Assistant for the Pokémon Trading Card Game league. I have taught many children how to play the game with care and respect, constructed their 60-card decks from their scattered collection with sound thought and speed skimming skills. I also watched over the children as I have played with them in the Pokémon Trading Card Game.
Functional Skills: Elbow-greased strength, good people/social skills, quick construction skills from scratch, speed thinking.
Transferable Skills: All of the above.
Date of Employment: June, 2000 – June, 2002
Toys “R” Us
Charlottesville, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: I volunteered to help out as the Gym Leader’s Assistant for the Pokémon Trading Card Game league. I have taught many children how to play the game with care and respect, constructed their 60-card decks from their scattered collection with sound thought and speed skimming skills. I also watched over the children as I have played with them in the Pokémon Trading Card Game.
Functional Skills: Elbow-greased strength, good people/social skills, quick construction skills from scratch, speed thinking.
Transferable Skills: All of the above.
Date of Employment: June, 2002 – June, 2007
The (Game & Hobby) Place
Charlottesville, VA
Job Title
Primary Duties: I volunteered to help out as the Gym Leader’s Assistant for the Pokémon Trading Card Game league. I have taught many children how to play the game with care and respect, constructed their 60-card decks from their scattered collection with sound thought and speed skimming skills. I also watched over the children as I have played with them in the Pokémon Trading Card Game.
Functional Skills: Elbow-greased strength, good people/social skills, quick construction skills from scratch, speed thinking.
Transferable Skills: All of the above.
School Experience
Professional Education
Dates of Attendance: 9/1/1996 to 6/15/2000
Manchester High School
Chesterfield County, Virginia
High School Diploma with Honor Roll Grades.
Honor Roll Star Pin awarded at Graduation.
Certificate for serving on the varsity basketball team during my freshman year.
Academic Education
Dates of Attendance: August, 2000 to 6/1/2006
Piedmont Virginia Community College
Charlottesville, Virginia
Made the Dean’s List with Honor Roll Grades
Computer Aided Drafting and Design, CADD, Associates Degree
Computer Aided Drafting and Design, CADD, Career Studies Certificate
References
Susan Hannifan
PVCC Guidance Counsoler
501 College Dr. Charlottesville, VA 22902
434-961-5281
shannifan@pvcc.edu
Reverend Elizabeth Foss
Pastor of Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
1901 Thomson Rd. Charlottesville, VA 22903
434-296-6976
elizabethfoss22@earthlink.net
Rocky Shoemaker
Pastoral Counsoler
1901 Thomson Rd. Charlottesville, VA 22903
434-966-9636
revrocky48@gmail.com
Tony Wayne
Physics Teacher at Albemarle High School/Volunteer Pokémon TCG League Gym Leader
2275 Hydraulic Rd. Charlottesville, VA 22901
434-975-9300 Ext. 60265
vastphysics@comcast.net
Job Objective, Full Story
I, Christian Weston Chandler, Birth name: Christopher, born on February 24, 1982 in Charlottesville, Virginia, am an artist with vast experiences in multiple art classes with multiple media throughout my whole lifetime from Green County Primary School to Piedmont Virginia Community Collge, with a diploma from Manchester High School and a degree and certificate in Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD) from PVCC.
Since the inspiration and conception of Sonichu, the Electric-Hedgehog Pokémon on March 17, 2000, I have grown further in his stories, plots and adventures in a series of hand-drawn and computer-edited comic books. I also have had and passed two HTML classes, and created from notepad scratch, CWC’s PokéSite 2!, El PokéSite de R.W.C. (Ricardo Weston Chandler was my Spanish nickname given to me during my two years of Spanish in Manchester High), and most importantly, the First and Original website dedicated to Sonichu, Rosechu and their adventures, CWC’s Sonichu Site.
I was also noted twice later in the periodicals of Nintendo Power magazine and PVCC’s The Forum for being the original creator of Sonichu and all. (See Periodical References below)
With the Sonichu Stie originally located at http://sonichuchandler.tripod.com/cwcson.htm, it stayed online from about 2000 until early 2009, whereas my Sonichu and Rosechu fanbase has grown massively over the years; there were also internet bullies and trolls. And the trolls hacked into and compromised my original Tripod webhosting account. I’ve had to pull the plug on the Tripod account and move on to another webhosting site. The second webhosting account suffered the same fate as the first, and then I moved to GoDaddy. It got hacked too, and so I pulled the plug on all my websites late May, 2009. I stayed off for about two months, then a gal-pal of mine about that time set up for me a start of what is now the New Original CWC’s Sonichu and Rosechu Site; the wikipedia-styled Cwcipedia at http://cogsdev.110mb.com/cwcipedia/index.php/Main_Page. As I have done on the previous site, I have re-uploaded my Sonichu comic pages, and I am steadily expanding further with more stories and character bio pages.
I would like to be paper-published with a comic book company like Archie, Marvel, DC or Dark Horse comics, complete with Official Sonichu and Rosechu Merchandise I can personally sign-off on to follow for my Worldwide Fanbase.
Accept no imposturous substitutes who claim to be me or have any rights on my Sonichu and Rosechu stuff; I stand strong with my continued use of the Copyright © symbol on each of all my books and original singular art pieces and the date of creation of March 17, 2000. I have eye-witnesses at Manchester High of Sonichu’s conception and creation on that date. It also bothers me that the trolls are even selling bootleg copies of my Life DVD, Christian Weston Chandler. Yep…I’m On T.V., which was originally intent solely for family and close friend distribution. Trust one of the trolls to snag a copy and rip the vieos from the six-hour DVD-R.
I became famous without having to leave my house or go out-of-state or city.
After recent realization, on about July 17, 2009, of what I want to do, I wish to make it all official; get me paper-published with a comic book company like Archie, Marvel, DC or Dark Horse comics, with continuing work as a comic book artist and story creator/editor, good pay, eventual official Sonichu and Rosechu merchandise that I can personally and officially sign-off on and further enforce my nine-year-old copyright with a more peaceful future.
“Christopher” Christian Weston Chandler, August 11, 2009
© March 17, 2000 by “Christopher” Christian Weston Chandler.
Periodical References
Nintendo Power – Volume 179, May 2004, Page 89 – Sonichu’s Cwcville Documentary
Piedmont Virginia Community College’s The Forum – Volume 1, No. 13, 26 April 2004 – Meet Sonichu – Student Featured in Nintendo Power – By Kari Mitchell, The Forum Assistant Editor.
Additional Information
Career Highlights: Near-Daily updates on my Cwcipedia website, and my continued Comic Book Page drawing, coloring, writing and editing. Great hand-drawing skills, story-telling and editing, building design from Computer Aided Drafting and Design (CADD), quick touch-typing skills, great Photoshop experiences, good HTML skills. Good people/social skills, memorizing and swift learning. Elbow-Greased Strength.
Skills:
Great hand-drawing skills (3/3)
Story-Telling and Editing (3/3)
Building design from Computer Aided Drafting and Design (3/3)
Quick Touch Typing (3/3)
Great Photoshop experiences (3/3)
Good HTML skills (2/3)
Good people/social skills (3/3)
Memorizing and Swift Learning (3/3)
Elbow-Greased Strength (3/3)
Professional Memberships: [blank]
Interests & Hobbies: Drawing, building, videogames, music, movies or TV shows, self-reflecting in peaceful situations.
Have you served in the military? Other Military Family Member
Do you have security clearance? None
Are you willing to relocate? Yes
Are you willing to travel? Up to 25% travel
Where are you authorized to work? US
Ethnicity: White (Not of Hispanic Origin)
Gender: Male
Career Goals
What job titles are you looking for?
Paper-Published comic book author/artist/editor
What are your must-haves in your career (e.g., bring pets to work, free coffee)?
Good Pay
Where would you like to work?
[blank]
What skills do you want to develop?
Better my Hand-Drawing, writing and editing from after 9 years of practice.
What salary range are you looking for?
[blank]
Which companies would you like to work for?
Archie Comics, Marvel Comics, DC Comics or Dark Horse Comics
What industries would you like to work in?
Printing and Publishing
What size company would you like to work for?
[blank]
Which type of company would you like to work for?
Public, Private
What career level would you like to reach?
Experienced (Non-Manager)
Chris's Resume Writing Worksheet
Contact Information
Name: "Christopher" Christian Weston Chandler
Address: 14 Branchland Ct.
Ruckersville, VA 22968-9545
Telephone: Home: (434)-990-0198
Cell: (434)-760-0848
E-mail: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Job Objective
I am an Artist with Vast Experiences in Multiple Art Classes in my lifetime; with a Degree and Certificate in Computer Aided Drafting & Design from Piedmont Virginia Community...(see attached sheets)
Work Experience (Tip: List most recent first)
Employer Name: Wendys
City, State: Ruckersville, VA
Job Title: Basic Employee
Start date-End date: August, 2001 - October, 2001
Your primary duties were: Cleaning Trays, Cleaning Tables, Vaccuming & Cleaning the Carpet/Tile Flooring, being kind and serving to the customers, and taking garbage to dumpster.
List Functional Skills: Elbow Greasing Cleaning, Kind, Polite, People Social Skills.
List Transferable Skills: Kind, Polite People Social Skills.
Employer Name: Cutco Cutlary
City, State: Charlottesville, VA
Job Title: Sales Rep/Salesman
Start date-End date: June, 2003 - September, 2003
Your primary duties were: Salesman of their fine cutlary with their patented Double-D Edges.
List Functional Skills: Pep People/Social Skills, Good Memorizing of the Salesman Routine; won my Boss OVER GREATLY with that Memorizing
List Transferable Skills: People/Social Skills, Memorizing + Learning
Employer Name: Self
City, State: Ruckersville, VA
Job Title: Artist, HTML Wiz
Start date - End date: March 17, 2000 - ????
Your primary duties were: Drawing, an writing and story-telling the continuing adventures of Sonichu, Rosechu, and myself from LIFE.
List Functional Skills: Great Hand-Drawing Skills, Story-Creating, Building Designing (Designed CWCville Shopping Mall w. Mayor's Office in CADD), Quick Touch-Typing Skills, Photoshop Experiences
List Transferable Skills: ALL OF THE ABOVE.
Education (List most recent first)
Name of School or Institution: Manchester High School
City, State: Chesterfield Co., VA
Type of Training or Certification: Diploma
Start date - End date: Sept., 1996 - June, 2000
Name of School or Institution: Piedmont Virginia Community College
City, State: Charlottesville, VA
Type of Training or Certification: Computer Aided Drafting & Design Degree + Certificate
Start date - End date: August, 2000 - June, 2006
References (Tip: avoid using family members)
Name: Susan Hannifan
Relationship: PVCC Guidance Counsoler
Address: 501 College Dr.
Telephone number: (434)-961-5281
Name: Rocky Shoemaker
Relationship: Pastoral Counsoler
Address: Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
Telephone number: (434)-996-9636
Name: Elizabeth Foss
Relationship: Pastor
Address: [blank]
Telephone number: (434)-296-6976
Resume Writing Worksheet Job Objective
"Christopher" Christian Weston Chandler.
I am an Artist with vast experiences in Multiple Art Classes my whole lifetime from Greene County Primary to Piedmont Virginia Community College with multiple Media experiences, with a Manchester High School Diploma and PVCC Degree + Certificate in Computer Aided Drafting & Design (CADD). Since March 17, 2000, I have started inspiration with my Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon creations, Sonichu & Rosechu, and grew further in their life's Stories and Plots in a series of Hand-Drawn and Computer-Edited Comic Books. I also have had and passed Two HTML classes, and created from Notepad Scratch CWC's PokeSite 2, El PokeSite De R.W.C. (Ricardo Weston Chandler; my Spanish Nickname from my taking of Two Years of Spanish at Manchester High), and more importantly, THE Original and First Sonichu Site, CWC's Sonichu Site @ http://sonichuchandler.tripod.com/cwcson.htm. Sadly, after years had passed, in early 2009, my webhosting account was compromised by Hackers + Internet Trolls/Bullies. I've had to go from webhost to webhost Twice to keep my Original Sites Up. Sadly, the Trolls got into them as well. I had pulled the plug and keep my sites offline for Two Months. And recently from Late May, 2009 at GoDaddy.com. And Now, a close real-life friend of mine put together for me the start of what is NOW My Official Sonichu Site, A.K.A., Cwcipedia. As with my past on CWC's Sonichu Site, I have reuploaded my Sonichu Comic Pages and started further expanding in Stories + Bio Pages.
I would like to be Paper-Published with a Comic Book Company like Archies, Marvel, DC or Darkhorse, complete with Official Merchandise to follow for my Worldwide Fanbase.
Unfortunately, I have heard of impostors trying to claim my Sonichu & Rosechu Franchise (is a good word I think), but I Stand Strong with my continued Legal Use of the copyright © symbol, and the Date of March 17, 2000. I have eye-witnesses at M.H.S. of Sonichu's conception and creation on That Day. And even worse, making money selling Fake Merchandise and Bootleg copies of my Life to 25-YEAR-OLD D.V.D, "Christian Weston Chandler...Yep...I'm on T.V.," which was Originally distributed solely to Family and Close Friends. Trust the Trolls to pose as my Primary School Girlfriend Crush and con a copy out of me late 2008.
I became famous, and I never had to leave my house or go out-of-state or city.
Anyway, I want to MAKE IT ALL OFFICIAL, get me Paper-Published with continuing work, a good, reasonable amount of money, and mak further Enforce my Nine-YEAR-OLD Copyright, and make my future more peaceful. Also, to put those Dang, Dirty Trolls to Rest and At Bay.
Christopher Christian Weston Chandler
August 11, 2009.
Resume Writing Worksheet Gallery
The concept of "Most recent" escapes Chris.
Notice how he can't keep himself from including Sonichu in EVERYTHING.
His only references are a guidance counselor that he had almost a decade ago and two pastors at his church.
Largely the same as the other pages except he whines about his websites getting hacked.
Even his shitty DVD is worth mentioning apparently.
He wants to put the dang, dirty trolls to rest.
See Also
Chris and work
References
↑ In the Father Call, Chris tells Kacey's Father that on September 11th he was shopping with his mother because he had just been fired from Wendy's.
↑ The Pokémon trading card game wasn't released in North America until December 1998, and its official league wasn't founded until the following year.
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Chris%27s_resume&oldid=341983"