Title: CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/CLog_10172017_-_Medallion_Making
Categories: Captain's log entries, Chris-chan videos, 2017, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making is a video that Chris uploaded on 17 October 2017. In it, he talks about how a Sonichu Medallion is made.
The framework
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Transcript
1.3 Materials
Video
CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
17 October 2017
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Performance Style
Reason Reason
Saga
Business Business
Shirt
Love is Love
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous CLog Special - PATREON & MORE
next Re-enactment - Gingers Have Souls
Description
Applications for those who can make the custom Sonichu/Rosechu Amiibo Figures, to my prototype specs and so forth, as well as those who can make the Sonichu Medallions, can be submitted directly to: sonichumanager@gmail.com.
Official Patreon:
https://www.patreon.com/Sonichu
Official Sonichu and CWC Store on Redbubble
https://www.redbubble.com/people/soni...
Applications for those who can make the custom Sonichu/Rosechu Amiibo Figures, to my prototype specs and so forth, as well as those who can make the Sonichu Medallions, can be submitted directly to: sonichumanager@gmail.com.
Thank You. Have a Great and Safe Day!
This is the Official YouTube channel of the one and only creator and author of the Sonichu and Rosechu series, Christine Weston Chandler (AKA Christian, Christopher, Chris Chan, Ricardo); me. Links to my personal Facebook and Twitter pages, as well as my stores of Sonichu and Rosechu, and self, merchandise are available for purchase. Among which, more items are to come in the future, so stay tuned for the updates when I make them personally.add
Transcript
[Christine Chandl] -er, coming to you live from home once again! And, Captain's Log, Stardate, 101820- [Abruptly pauses, making a confused expression] 10172017. Pfft. Do I have to do that every time, because I have the C-Log, and the date written in the ti-, typed in the title of this video. Pfft.
Anyway, regardless, before we proceed, uh, letting y'all know, this is a special video: how to make a Sonichu Medallion. Okay? Doing this, uh, and I want to make a sfew, I want to go over a few explicit details.
The reason I am making this video today is... for the fans. Definitely for the fans.
[Takes off glasses] But also, I want su-, make it perfectly clear that this video is not to instigate anybody looking to make fake, or quote-unquote "fake", mm, medallions. I mean, cause, I pretty much have gone out of the market of making them myself.
But asi-, but aside from that, um, we, uh, my S-, my Sonichu team and I, we are looking for somebody to make the medallions on my behalf, so, the e-, the business email will be in the description down below, I will, and y'all can se-, send, make the medallions following my schematic, following my detailed instructions. And, uh, we pu-, and a f-, and, we'll have the best one, or ones, to make the medallions, and we'll end up uh, selling on, maybe on Redbubble or something.
And of course, along those lines also, the, we su-, we, people can also apply to make the custom Amiibo figures. I think we got enough footage that the default, that the original Sonichu figure has been made. Best one that can do it uh, matching the original prototype I still have... We'll consider that. Again, mail your... mail what you, y-, you can email photos of what you made to the business email in the description below.
And also, check out my Patreon and my Redbubble, those things will be in the description down below. So without further ado, let's, uh, get into making a medallion. Uh, you will not end up necessarily making the final form medallion, but the closest, uh, you'll get, uh, will be pretty good, uh, cause there's… There's a picture of this on the internet, so. Pfft.
Alright, so, what you need to make a medallion. Well, you'll need a necklace, or some leather strapping. Leather straps, to make the medallion with. You'll need lil' metal rings, [Holds up a little metal ring to the camera] lil' metal rings, that goes into the, into the medal, right there, just as my demo prototype, my made based off my medallion that I… I have a sss-, little sheet that I use for reference, which I'll show that off in just a moment.
And uh, I'll be sure tuh, upload this onto my Twitter and Facebook, as well. But anyway, you need the ring, you need the ring. Um, you can ver-, you can, small or large, or keyring size, as long as you got something to put the, tuh, loop the strap, or makesh-, or, shift, fashion necklace with a metal clip, with a metal ring attached to that like I do. Yadda yadda yadda. Hm.
Um, Model Magic. You will need some white Model Magic. Comes in varying packs, um. I mean, obviously th-, this eight-ounce pack is gonna be too, is gonna be, is a lot of Model Magic, so I reccomay baybe, on retrospet maybe, one to four ounces of Model Magic?
And with that, you'll need a s-, closable Ziploc bag to put the remaining Model Magic that you don't use cause it not gonna stay long, exposed to the air and the... Anyway. Close that up and they'll stay, they'll stay good longer.
And, let's see, you're gonna need some Krazy Glue. You can buy two pack, a pack of two of Krazy Glue at any family dollar store for like a, I think it was like two, th-, it was like three or four dollars. Anyway, that's a good, that's a good deal for two pack, and this with the precision tip, and all that. It's really good. That's a good deal for me.
And of course, you'll need paint brushes, so go ahead and get yourself an assortment pack, so you can have a large one to cover large surfaces, or... Thin ones to cover the s-, detailed, thin areas.
And of course you'll need acrylic paints. These are obtainable at, uh, any craft store, Wal-Mart, reasably pwiced. You're gonna need the following colours: flag red, [Holds a red bottle of paint up to the camera] uh, just give you a... sh-, ah, that's, that shade of red. Uh, bright yellow, [Holds a yellow bottle of paint up to the camera] comes out kinda looking like that. Well, that's why I got the, and that's why we got the names on there, thankfully. Spring green. [Holds a green bottle of paint up to the camera] Ahem. A'course, the default: black and white. [Picks up the black and white paint bottles, but omits holding them up to the camera] Those are always helpful.
If you'd like to write on the back of your medallion like I do, just saying like, you know, "property of your name", or whatever. [In a high pitched voice] That's not the right colour... [Returning to normal voice] A black sharpie is best used for that. For that specific handwriting detail.
Sus those aside there.
And, um, let me think a moment... Right. Alright, so, this is essentially an outline for each section. I'm gonna display this for li-, for a little bit, and point out each part. Let y'all know. [Holds a piece of paper, presumably the aforementioned reference sheet, up to the camera. Due to poor lighting and insufficient resolution, it is completely illegible. Additionally, as a result of the horizontally flipped video, the text is backwards]
Alright, so. Obviously I'll sc-, I'll scan this and upload it later. But anyway, pretty much the s-, line, outlines, pretty much the full square shape of the medallion where saah, when I made them before, they're able to fit in that little box, so, [Gesturing to shapes on the sheet] this is the main, the full head of the medallion. This big part. That's for the spikes. You're gonna end up making four of those. That's the muzzle/mouth area. This is the nose, uh, pretty much the diameter of this nose, and the length of the nose. And this is an ear. You're gonna make two ears. Okay? [Sighs]
Ahem. Like I said, again, I'll put this up on my Twitter and Facebook, and y'all can print out some 8 1/2" x 11" side-by-side, so. Course, Model Magic. You wanna open up your Model Magic. It's all nice and consistent when you get it out, when you pour it out.
You might wanna make sure also any remaining Model Magic, you don't wanna leave any behind on that foil. Just push the uh, clump of Model Magic onto that. Picks it up, no problem. Picks it up no problem.
[Grunts with exertion while shaping the Model Magic into a ball] Squeeze that together a bit. [Continues to grunt, then sets down the Model Magic and moves the foil off-screen] Alright, get this out, get that out of the way. You can dispose of that.
And you can definitely go ahead and put your bulk of Model Magic into your Ziploc bag. Make sure it's a sizable Ziploc bag. [Begins inserting the ball of Model Magic into a Ziploc bag] Uh, you might have difficulty. I'm having difficulty. That'll do. Just gonna check to see if it closes. It closes. And of course, when you store it, you want to make sure you have no air remaining in there. Make it, so that way it don't dry out so quick.
Alright, so, and open it back up, gonna use the Model Ma-, we're gonna use the Model Magic. Now, take out as much as you think you're gonna need, estimate. In the shape-forms, like I previously specifi-, like I specified.
The first part you're gonna do is the circle. The circle part. So, you wanna get a fair amount. You want to do this like as if you're making a, you're making a cookie, you're moulding the dough for a cookie, you wanna make a shape out of that. It's pretty much similar to that.
[Accidentally knocks over some objects standing in the foreground: the redrawn Sonichu #1 cover, and a Sonichu Amiibo] And that just happened. [Repositions the objects so they are standing upright again and blows a raspberry] Well that just happened. Pfft. [Raises arms in an "oh well" gesture]
Aside from that, um, so, obviously this is too big for the circle, which, that's okay, you definitely want to go overboard a little bit when you're figuring out how much you need, so you just rip off the excess and start again from what you have there. You want to make sure th-, you want to try to make it about that thick, [Holds up small clump of Model Magic] you know, thick as an actual cookie. Or like, um, cracker, I guess you want to make it two or three crackers thick.
Anyway, so, take the form, obviously I'm gonna ha-... Hm. That's a bit too thick. [Holds up the Model Magic again] That's a bit too thick, so I'm gonna just, take a bit more off. It's, I almost got it able to fit into the form, into the shape. [Grunts while adjusting the dimensions of the Model Magic] Just watch me as I do it. And you wanna just mould it, tap it, dab it, pinch it, all that good stuff. Hm.
Eh, this is definitely the perfect shape, the right sized circle or oval shape. Hm. I'm gonna say for these pa-, for this, [Holds up Model Magic again] uh, this would be about okay. Yeah, that's an okay thickness, it's just a little bit too thick, but I'm gonna let it go. This is okay for demonstration here.
Alright, so with that, I'm gonna set that off to the side. We're gonna make the quills next. The quills. And, again, that's [Holds up illegible reference paper again] This one over here. It's like a moon. So, we're gonna end up making four of these, again.
You just take a small amount; I'd say like as if you're got a wad of gum you just pulled it out of your mouth. No, don't, [Looks up and begins waving hand] don't go pulling any gum ou-, any pre-chewed gum out of your mouth, or out of the bottom of a desk, do just, please, that's, eew. Ew.
And we got a little bit of too much, so gonna pull that off. And... Also, another thing to note, uh, when you do this, you're gonna make four of them, you're gonna make the two opposing sides, you wanna, make su-, you definitely want to make sure it fits within the form, but when you're doing them to your, the ones that goes to the medallions, uh, you're facing the back here, and that's pretty much why I have the quill.
So, it'll b-, deuh, I'm gonna make two that's gonna go out on this side, the medallion's left side, so you wanna pinch the end, the bottom, the pinch the end that goes in the bottom. And, otherwise, uh, if you've got, you're doing the quills that's doing this way, you've got this thing right, you got this form right side of that, if you want to pinch the top half to make those quills, cause you want those quills to be pointed. So we've got one quill, ahem. Gonna make three more, and then we'll attach them to the head.
So again, make another one. I know; but, I know, I should do this top form, but, eh. Hm. Couldn't really put it together right now. I don't have a crew to help set up and everything. If I had a proper setup, I could probably do that, but I don't. [Probably in reference to the camera setup - Ed.]
Well anyway, okay, so that's the second, left, quill. Gonna make the first, right quill. And, y'know, like I s-, and th-, two, I pinched the bottom, these I will pinch at the top. Because that's the pointed end.
And, I'll, that's commentary on the, um, yeah, when I started drawing Sonichu, that pretty much was, the idea I had for, you know, "What's Sonichu looks like from the front?" So, that was so many years ago when I did that, obviously I've gotten a lot better and more aware of actual form and whatnot, so. Obviously that's not how we draw S-, how I would draw Sonichu from the front of the face and it’s just-, I dunno, pfft, this make how I make him look. I dunno, Punchy? [Laughs]
Okay, so anyway, we got this, and we got our four quills, so we wanna put, we're gonna do this against the uh, fortunately this thing is laminated so I can show it to you a little bit. We're taking one of the left quills, we're attaching it to the out-, to the edge of the circle. And of course we'll do the same with one of the right quills. Wanna have some distance between the, uh, drawn circle and the point of the quill. It's gonna be a bit glary, I mean... well, there you go.
Alright, so. Mm, move this down a little bit. Alright, so, you get a good view, there you go, it's a bit like that. Alright? And, with the other two quills, I'm just gonna attach those beside... next, squeezing them together, leave ‘em in a bit of a line, let you know they're still quilly. Do the same thing over here.
I'll show this to you once again. You definitely wanna try to stay within the square outline that I've drawn here. And, you pretty much get something like that. Alright? Looks like four bananas. [Chuckles] Okay. So then we take the circle, the head, and we just squeeze down on top of those. [Grunts] Just put it all together. [Pats the Model Magic down]
And I can pull this off and show it to you so, [Holds up Model Magic] that's what you'll end up getting at one point. You can always, uh, if you wanna try to be more, to be more accurate, you can pull the quills down a little bit, still making sure they pinch and go in towards the head. Like so.
Oh, and another thought I'm thinking, okay so, I'm gonna go ahea-, I'm going to skip ahead a little bit and tell you how to put the ring onto the medallion, so that's another detail entirely, so at this point we can take the ring and just put it onto the back of the medallion, [Holds unfinished medallion up to the camera] just exposed like that a little bit, but then we're gonna take another piece of Model Magic, just black piece, and gonna attach it to the back like so. [Pats down the Model Magic on the table] Definitely need the table space to make that pound, and go good there.
[Holds the unfinished medallion up to the camera again] You wanna leave the ring half out. Just half the, uh, full radius of the ring out so you got room for looping the, looping the keyring, or the… leather strap. Th-, the neck strap.
Alright, next up, we're gonna tackle the ear. The ear. We need to make two of those. So s-, s-, copy and paste for p-, copy and paste for, I mean, second verse and the first, get reasonable sized Model Magic amount, put in the form, if it's too much take a, take a dab out. And then you just wanna make it about the same thickness. And... Mm, shape... Eeh, can go inward.
[Holds the ear up to the camera] So that's basically what you're gonna do for an ear. It’s what it looks like, uh, top to bottom, and of course sss-, s-, triangle like that. And if you wanna make this thing more accurate, you can, when you have it in a form, you can point it to your left, the medallion's right, secause that to the, that'll go on, that side of the he-, that side of the medallion, or point it the other way, and that'll go on that side of the medallion. So, [Holds up the ear and medallion] then you just, all uh, on the thing, you just push it on. Right there. Just, zoop.
And of course, it definitely helps to have the table surface to make sure you have that well attached better. Alright, so then second verse, same as the first, just make sure you angle the ear in the opposite direction compared to the first one you just made. [A few seconds of silence while Chris makes another ear] Alright, so... [Bends the tip of the completed ear] Bloop. Put the one on the r-, on the right side, you just push down, and... doot doot doot doot doot.
Oh, and then that reminds of something else that uh, we're gonna need, we're gonna neeeeeed, you're gonna need something to form the lines, you know, for the ey-, for the eyes, and the cheeks, and the mouth, and the eyebrows later on. Uh, you can take, uh, you can take a pen, or, comes in uh, every pack of Krazy Glue. [Pulls out a tube of Krazy Glue to find the piece missing] Oh, pfft, heh. I guess I, I wo-, I put it up to the side cause it tends to, cause if you leave it in there it tends to stick to the nozzle of the Krazy tube... glue.
Anyway, yeah, the little... [Briefly holds the piece up to the camera, then accidentally drops it] I dropped it. Pfft. Got another one? Yeah, I have another one. Take two. [Holds a small object similar to a push pin up to the camera] So you have the uh, little point. Little needle with a green knob at the end there. Yeah, this is used for puncture, puncturing the crazy glue tab.
[Inserts the point into the nozzle of the Krazy Glue tube, then puts the tube away] Mm, obviously I'm gonna need to swap this one out, because that's quite dried up. Fortunately, I have two right here. [Opens up the new package of Krazy Glue] And so I'll just pull one out, and I'll demonstrate that for y'all right... Oh.
But anyway, um. Simple enough, you just need one of these, [Holds up the pointed object again] and we'll get to that in a little while. We got a couple more steps to make for the medallion, but you, right now you should have the outl-, the basic outline shape. Make sure it still fits within the s-, within the square outline.
Alright, so next up, it’s the, uh, we’re doing the muzzle. Mm. The muzzle. Where the mouth is drawn. So, [Picks up the bag of Model Magic] obviously I've, I'm a little short on what I pulled out earlier, so I'll just... Mm... Get some more. From the bag. [Sets one of the bottles of Krazy Glue aside] Get this out of the way.
[Begins shaping a new clump of Model Magic] And you definitely want to make this, uh, a crack-, one cracker thin, cause this will be going on top of the medallion. You want to make this one cracker thin so that it's easy to get on there, and it's not too... Obtrusive. Well anyway, just, y-, you know, secon-, the past verses, same as the first. Mm. Make sure it fits in the outline. Uh, take off what you end up not needing. Sure it fits.
And, for the bases, for the basic of this demonstration, [Holds up Model Magic] um, I'm gonna say this is okay. This is okay, this thickness, but we have our muzzle outline, and that's gonna go on the bottom, like… [Places the shaped piece of Model Magic onto the medallion] boop! Like that. And against the table, you just press it on, you can push the bit outward. Ah, and, [Holds medallion up to the camera] you can see the outline of where I put it. That's, that’s the muzzle. Shaping up.
And last but not least, we'll go ahead and do the nose. Again, [Holds reference sheet up to the camera] this is the diameter, and this is the length. Diameter, length. Of the nose. So, you want to go ahead and figure out the length of what you got from your model magic here. Mm, and you can use your judgement to figure out, to, but yeah you wanna make it lengthwise before you pop it on to the diameter section, but yeah, it's a basic, cyl-, it's a basic little cylinder, and I dab a little dabby too much, so try again. Keep trying and don't aw-, pra-, practice makes better. Practice makes better.
Mm, yeah, this is okay. And of course, uh, [Holds the medallion and nose up to the camera] where does the nose go? Where does the nose go, class? The nose goes... [Attaches the nose to the medallion] boop! Aaand, there you have your medallion in the sh-, [Sigh] in the obvious part.
Now, what you want to do now is go ahead, actually you know what? I do do better with a pen, so I'm gonna get my RSVP pen that has a good point on it, and just follow with the basic outline. Oh yeah, and you'll definitely want to do this for the ears also, let you know how much you wanna put in, on the tip. Mm, or maybe not, maybe you can just skip that part, I don't know. [Begins drawing on the medallion with the pen] Figure it out, but I'm just gonna do that for this example.
Mm, just figure out that's where the black would go. And then I'm gonna draw the smile, little smirk. And the two cheeks. On either side. And then the shape of the eyeframe, making sure the center point is over the nose. Couple eyebrows. And then the eyes. Cause this'll be good for when you're colouring this in later with the acrylic paints.
Alright, so... [Accidentally brushes up against the Sonichu #1 cover again, knocking it slightly off balance] Not again, not again, you're not doing this to me again. [Readjusts the cover so it stands upright] Alright, so, [Holds the unpainted medallion up to the camera] there's your ba-, there's your basic, uh, Sonichu medallion right there. [A clatter is heard and Chris looks down] That happened. Just my controller, getting that out of the way there.
Okay, so you got the madallion made now, at this point I'm gonna demonstrate once how you puncture to get the crag-, the Krazy Glue out, because by default that thi-, that su-, that thing is closed up but length of these little enclosed pins will always make your point s'you just wanna put that into the ce-, into the center of the nozzle, push it in, and you're gonna wiggle-waggle, and then pop it out, and then there you go. Crazy glue comes out the other end.
And what I would definitely do here at this point, I would glue along the pieces where there's a bit of a crease of glue along the creases, underneath the nose, definitely underneath the nose, you might wanna pull off the nose if you can, and put a dab of glue underneath that, and you want to put the glue, uh, on the other si-, uh, along the muzzle, trying not to affect your outline, and of course along the spikes here and there. And you wanna put this all over everywhere on the back, and the most crucial part, you wanna put glue on the top where the ring is. Just, that keeps the ring in, that helps keep the ring in place.
And after you do that, uh, you wa-, have this considerably, um, hanging, uh, hanging what I did, um, [Picks a small board off the floor and sets it on the table] just gonna pull this out here for a moment, so. Where you got the glue most dripping out of, uh, what the en-, you definitely want to have an angle situation so you know the glue is going downward. Um, I think I would definitely recommend doing one side at a time.
Anyway, so you do the front side, you put it down and you let the glue dry for like a few minutes. And uh, when you're doing the back, might just want to hold on to that. [Wipes hand on leg, then holds it up above the table] And that's another example, I got a little bit of glue on the ring, I mean, this is just demonstration purpose, so.
And yeah, that's another thing, I, it really bothers me when I get the glue on my fingers. It's really difficult, I end up having to [Loudens and lowers voice] gnaw it off! [Makes gnawing sounds while chewing on fingers, before returning to normal voice] Ah, crazy.
Oh and, or just takes a whole lot of hand washing with ho-, with, under warm to hot water, soap and water, ‘til you get all that ha-, until you get all that hardened glue off your fingers. It's, it's a hassle. So I advise cau-, I advise caution, if you're a minor, you might want to, or you, if it's your first time trying like that, you might want to get uh, an adult or a friend to supervise and help you with that.
Okay, so anyway, aside from that, regar-, and regardless, the Model Magic definitely needs time to dry, so the best amount of time is one night. One night, overnight. It dries overnight. The Model Magic, with or without the crazy glue. Tuh dah. And, I'm just gonna tuck this away. [Returns the tube of Krazy Glue to its container]
Oh, and uh, you're making Model Magic, you definitely want to make sure you have all of that put together in the Ziploc bag. No air in the bag, [In a high pitched voice] close the bag. [Returns to normal voice] Keeps it going longer for any future Model Magic projects you might do.
Okay, so, day two of your model, of your medallion making. Day two. So now you get your paint brush, I'm just gonna pick one at random, and you just follow the basic thing, you know, yellow goes mostly everywhere, the red goes on the cheeks, the green goes for the irises of the eyes, and of cour-, uh, but you def-, but I'll tell you what, highly recommend going for white, if you wanna colour in the eyelin-, the outside the iris there.
[In a high pitched voice] Oh, I forgot one, mention one, I forgot one colour of importance, one important colour, [Returns to normal voice] ah, that you should definitely have: the skin, the one that's skin tone. Eh, skin tone. Uh, the label on this one is called "sun kissed peach". So yeah, skin tone, "sun kissed peach", that's, you definitely need that for the mouth part.
Alright, so, alright, so I'm gonna start over. Uh, yellow, um, most of the area on the front, all over on the back. The sun kissed peach for the muzzle, the mouth. Gree-, um, white for the inside of the eyes. Uh, the... Eye area. Green for the, uh, irises. Black for the pupils, and the nose, black for the nose. And ear tips. Red for the cheeks. And, that's everybody, uh, that's everybody, so...
Anyway, you get, now all, you get that coloured up, and you give that another night to dry, and then you put your, you attach your neck strap or necklace piece, and you end up with something like this. [Holds up the completed medallion hanging around neck] Simple. Simple as that, just as simple little, crafting project anybody can pick up and do.
But, at this point we are definitely looking for people to make the medallions on my behalf, for the rest of the entire world, and I'll, those medallions will be getting, will be getting my blessing regardless from the person that be doing the picking.
So anyway, um, on that, once again, the business email you can submit your photos, so, what you ended up making, for your, for the medallions, best ones come closest will be hired. And same thing for the custom Amiibo figure makers. Mm, show us, ah, how to make your be-, show us how to do the Sonichu. Show us how to do that. You can use your common sense. You can do it, you, y'all are smart.
And, let's see, ah, is there is any other thoughts on my head, is there any other remaining thoughts... Uh, okay, uh, I think that's pretty much about it, so, yeah, all that, and don't forget to support me on Patreon, book of the month for November 2017 is... [Picks up a binder bearing the cover of Sonichu #12] It's done. Sonichu #12. It's done, so this is the book of the month of November 2017, so, get your pledges in to get your copy of #12, guaranteed. [Puts the binder away]
And of course, [Picks up a new binder bearing the cover of Sonichu #12-9] the next book I'm working on is 12-9 special, featuring Miss Night Star. [In high pitched voice] I'm glaring, glare glare. Eh, hello Miss Night Star. I'm a dimensional traveller, I'm psychic, I can view your YouTube T, videos, and I'm the artist. Yes, and that psychin at your belayin yourself. At your. Boop. [Taps temple, then puts the Sonichu #12-9 binder away and chuckles] [I have no idea. – Ed.]
Anyway, that's fun. So, that's my next book, I'll be starting that on, uh, very sh-, soon. And anyway, uh, so yeah, support me on Patreon, you can sup-, and you can also show your support by buying from my Redbubble store, those links’ll be in des-, both of those links, Patreon and Redbubble, will be in the description down below.
And I think that's about it, so don't forget this and that and the other thing. Do this, do that, like, subscribe, everything. Send money. [Holds up hands and raises eyebrows while looking at the camera] Because we need to hire people and gotta pay bills. Ain't free.
So, I think that's about it, so, you can also follow me on Twitter and Facebook, you know where they are, so everybody have a great and safe day! Be geek, be proud, paaaaaalm! [Vulcan salutes in front of the camera while creating an explosion sound effect. "Be geek, be proud, palm in your face" is a line from emgo316, a toy reviewer on YouTube] Emgo; silly! Silly, silly person. Have a good day, be safe, be good.
Materials
Prospective medallion-crafters can refer to this list for the materials they will need to collect before starting.
One to four ounces of Crayola Model Magic
Krazy Glue (although it is likely any brand of instant glue would work fine)
A black Sharpie (again, it is likely any brand of black marker would do)
Chris used an RSVP pen as an alternative to something else, likely the Sharpie. However, it was suggested its use was entirely optional
Acrylic paint; although the brand was never specified, it is ironically the one material where the brand could actually be considered relevant, as paint names and colours vary by manufacturer. However, it can be seen from the video that Chris' brand of choice is Apple Barrel. The required colours are:
Black
White
Flag Red
Bright Yellow
Spring Green
Sunkissed Peach
v • d • e
Captain's Log
Nov 2007
7
Aug 2008
3 • 6 • 8 • 15 • 28
Sept 2008
11 • 13 • 24
Oct 2008
9 • 13 • 21 • 27
Dec 2008
28
Jan 2009
6 • 8 • 12 • 15 • 16 • 18 • 21 • 26 • 30 • 31
Feb 2009
8 • 10 • 18
Mar 2009
4 • 10 • 18 • 26 • 27
Apr 2009
9 • 12 • 17 • 28 • 29
May 2009
3 • 22
July 2009
1 • 7 • 22 • 29
Aug 2009
3 • 12 • 13 • 16 • 18 • 20 • 22 • 30
Sept 2009
4 • 10 • 19 • 25 • 29
Oct 2009
9 • 10 • 15
Nov 2009
12 • 14
Dec 2009
3 • 9 • 12 • 20 • 25
Jan 2010
2 • 9 • 12 • 14 • 15 • 17 • 22 • 29
Feb 2010
1 • 5 • 9
Mar 2010
2
Apr 2010
12
May 2010
15 • 20 • 31
Aug 2010
27
Sept 2010
6 • 13
July 2016
18
April 2017
14 • 19 • 27 • 29
May 2017
1 • 3 • 5
June 2017
7 • 14 • 23
July 2017
7 • 14
August 2017
2 • 14
September 2017
4
October 2017
4 • 5 • 9 • 17
January 2018
31
April 2018
17
July 2021
9
v • d • e
Livestreams
2010s
2016
Sonichu's First PS4 Broadcast • Happy Birthday Tom • CWC`s Destiny Start • Destiny Stream Apology • Nerdy Q&A • My Breast Massage Routine 18+ • Please, Donate • Announcement 04/16/2016 • Donation Request • Proposition to Sega • Donations, Please, plus Live Game Stream tonight. • Live Game Stream - Uncharted
2017
C-Log 04142017 • React to SNL 41-4 Darn Ol' Tramp 45 • C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt • C-Log 04272017 • C-Log 050012017-1 • C-Log 050032017-2 • C-Log 05052017 • Live Drawing Streams • CLog 06142017 • CLog 06232017 • CLog 07072017 • HarassCWCdirectly • CLog 08142017 - More Positive Content • CLog 09042017 - Mister C • CLog 10042017 - Q&A 1 • CLog 10042017 - Q&A NO MORE • CLog Special - PATREON & MORE • CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making • Sachumo Interview
2018
Twitch • A Chat With Chris-Chan
2019
Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder Livestreams • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
2020s
2020
Live Reading of SNT Vs Sonichu, Part 2 • Red vs Blue Reaction Livestreams • Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight
2021
Incest Arrest
2023
October • November • December
2024
January • February • March • June • September • November
2025
March • May
⇐ CLog Special - PATREON & MORE
Chris's videos
Re-enactment - Gingers Have Souls ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=CLog_10172017_-_Medallion_Making&oldid=353252"