Title: Count Dankula
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Count_Dankula
Categories: Articles of the Now, Chris-chan videos, 2018, Interview videos, Millennial Generation, People, People from the United Kingdom, People from Scotland
================================================================================

“
Fair enough.
”
Count Dankula, every time Chris gives a bizarre answer
Chris inserts some random-access humor to the interview.
Markus Meechan (born 17 October 1987), better known as Count Dankula, is a Scottish YouTuber, comedian, and political activist. On 5 June 2018, he conducted an interview with Chris.
Contents
1 Interview
1.1 Highlights
2 Transcript
2.1 Introduction (0:14-1:06)
2.2 CWCville (1:06-9:01)
2.3 Home life (9:01-10:22)
2.4 Theme parks (10:22-11:28)
2.5 Polyamorous marriage (11:28-15:22)
2.6 Trolls (15:22-17:45)
2.7 Future plans (17:45-19:55)
2.8 More CWCville (19:55-42:18)
2.9 Day-to-day life/health (42:18-44:25)
2.10 Family Guy (44:25-45:16)
2.11 Looking back (45:16-45:59)
2.12 Chris gets distracted (45:59-46:47)
2.13 Purchasing Sonichu media (46:47-47:48)
2.14 Implied bestiality (47:48-48:24)
2.15 Chris shows his detachment from reality (48:24-51:18)
2.16 Becoming Night Star (51:18-54:33)
2.17 Potential dimensions to visit (54:33-55:28)
2.18 Ted Bundy is half-Sonichu (55:28-58:53)
2.19 S-Chu Balls (58:53-1:00:10)
2.20 Rick and Morty in CWCville (1:00:10-1:01:13)
2.21 Final words (1:01:13-1:02:52)
3 See also
4 References
Interview
The interview was initially teased by Kiwi Farms owner Null two days before, when he posted:
A YouTube/broader Internet celebrity with a large audience is interviewing Chris on Tuesday. If you have any requests put them in now".[1]
Like CLog 10042017 - Q&A 1, the questions were from user requests.
A Chat With Chris-Chan
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
5 June 2018
Subject Matter
Comics Comics, Trolls Trolls
Performance Style
Reason Reason, Comedy Comedy, Crazy Crazy
Saga
Idea Guy Idea Guys
Shirt
The Blue Clopper The Blue Clopper
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous A Chat with Christine Weston Chandler/Chris Chan
next Send Me to Too Many Games Convention!
Highlights
Some highlights include Chris saying that he physically travels to CWCville and other fictional cartoon and video games locations through portals that open up before him, and claiming that his homemade S-Chu Ball is physical evidence of something he brought back from the other side. Another claim Chris makes is that he, his father Bob and serial killer Ted Bundy are/were half-Sonichu in real life. Most troubling of all is that Chris claims that serial killer Ted Bundy did not kill anyone, was innocent of all those crimes, was working undercover to find who the real murderer was, and was framed for the murders – all ideas he got from Idea Guy. Also, at some moments of the interview, he randomly starts making weird sounds in a way to be funny (reminiscent of The Three Stooges), despite the fact he looks creepy doing it, even Dankula asks him if he is alright. Notably, Dankula offers a more sympathetic response to Chris's inputs in the interview, pointing out the cruelty involved in the Idea Guys' manipulation.
Transcript
Introduction (0:14-1:06)
Dankula: [laughs nervously] And-uh... here we are... eh-Chri— [laughs] Chris-chan. It is amazing to actually finally be able to meet you. How are you doing?
Chris: I'm doing okay. How are you?
Dankula: I'm f—
Chris: [interrupts] Live on Space Ghost Coast to Coast!
Dankula: [laughs] Well-uh, I've been trying to get this interview set up for quite a little while. Uh-you're someone that I have actually watched for a good number of years. Umm, obviously, you know that a lot of the internet are very interested in you, so I'm going to do my best to make sure this interview isn't like all the other interviews you've had, where the interviewers have been pretty lame and they haven't dove too much into you. So, I'm going to try and go into areas that some people may not have spoken about. So I do have a few questions lined up of a few things that I'm pretty interested in hearing about. Uh, mainly about CWCville. Is–
Chris: [interrupts] Yes?
CWCville (1:06-9:01)
Dankula: One of the... one of the main things that I've... from what I've read, and some of the things I've seen is that you believe CWCville itself is a completely real place.
Chris: [assuredly] It is a real place!
Dankula: As well... and all the characters within CWCville are also real.
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: and well— And one thing that I've heard as well is-uh... you believe that you can actually travel to CWCville.
Chris: Yes, I do believe so.
Dankula: Oh, that's fine-um. So, what is it that actually makes CWCville a real place?
Chris: Well, right now, it exists in another dimension. And realistically, it's the l-in northern part of Virginia!
Dankula: Th-CWCville's in the northern part of Virginia?
Chris: Ya.
Dankula: So, you can actually travel there?
Chris: Uh-not in this world, but I can get... but... I have a way of which I'll be able to get there from this world to over there in that world.
Dankula: How-how is it you actually travel there then? Just-just curious.
Chris: Well, we're still working on th-getting the bugs out of it. Among which, I've astral projected there. Your accent is quite infectuous [sic].
Dankula: [laughs] Thanks very much. I tr-I try my best to speak clearly whenever I'm on YouTube, because-uh my accent's very thick and sometimes people-uh have trouble understanding what I'm saying [laughs]. So-um, just to clarify as well. You can reach CWCville through astral projection then? So it's like, with meditation, kind of, you can reach CWCville.
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: Right. So, any g—
Chris: That's the easiest way of visiting at least.
Dankula: Right, I've got you. Umm... and so, obviously, if you go to CWCville, all the characters will be there. All the characters are actually real.
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: Right, well... just as-is there any... Just... I'm just asking. Is there any evidence that you have that proves that CWCville is a real place?
Chris: It exists. I can give you-I can show a few things that I've actually gotten from there.
Dankula: If-if you want to show them on the stream. Yeah, that would be good.
Chris: I have an S-Chu Ball for one thing [shows ball off to camera]
Dankula: Did you get that from CWCville?
Chris: Yep.
Dankula: That's interesting. That's amazing. Well, se-see how you... Have you travelled to CWCville before, yourself?
Chris: Yep.
Dankula: You have? Umm... can anyone travel to CWCville?
Chris: Hmm... Currently, the majority can travel to CWCville through meditation and astral projection. But for th-when the proper visitation rights happen, we're working on the portal, eh?
Dankula: Right. Okay. So, do you need to get special permission then, before you can enter CWCville?
Chris: [sighs] We're going through-we're still going through a whole bunch of red tape there, but yeah. Pretty much.
Dankula: Ah, right, I've got you then. So then would CWCville essentially have-uh, a bit of an immigration policy then? Only certain people would be allowed in?
Chris: Yeah. Too many people from this world could take great advantage of the things, and try to make things go wrong. Very, very bad.
Dankula: I completely understand where you're coming from. Umm... So, when you actually travel to CWCville, wh-what do you do while you're there?
Chris: I help watch over things, I help defend the city when need be. And I definitely see over the laws and things.
Dankula: Right. Because you're the mayor.
Chris: Uhh... I'm pretty much the big leader, I'm the head honcho, I'm the creator and the chronicler.
Dankula: Right, okay. So, obviously you created this place. So, would-would essentially, you'd be a little bit higher than the leader then, wouldn't you? Wouldn't you be the god since you literally created the place?
Chris: No, no. I am not a god, because the God creates everything. I only created a portion. I do not create all things.
Dankula: Ah, that's fair enough, that's very humble. And when you're in CWCville, who do you speak to in particular? What characters from the Sonichu/CWCville universe, who do you speak to?
Chris: I talk to the... I talk to my Sonichu and Rosechu, and all the others of my species.
Dankula: So, what do you talk about?
Chris: About... I'm half-Sonichu.
Dankula: You're half-Sonichu?
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: So is it... Sonichu, sort of, like part of yourself, almost like a split personality type of thing, or is it like an alter ego? [the Count seems to be confused between Sonichus as a species and Sonichu the individual]
Chris: You see me transform in the books, eh? It's pretty much like that.
Dankula: Right. So, are you yourself Sonichu? When you go to CWCville, do you transform into Sonichu or are you still—
Chris: I-I go there, I go there, I'm human, and then I can transform into my Chris-Chan Sonichu form.
Dankula: Right, right, I understand now. That's fine, that's interesting. And umm... and one thing that I've sort of read about you as well is you feel that all other cartoon universes, so things like American Dad, My Little Pony, so on and so on, they're all actually real places as well?
Chris: Yes, they are.
Dankula: And all the characters there are actually real?
Chris: Oh yes.
Dankula: But they... do they exist sort of in the same dimension as the Sonichu universe, or do they have their own dimension?
Chris: Some universes. Some of them actually do have an alternate dimension, like Steven Universe where World War II never happened.
Dankula: Right.
Chris: That's a whole different dimension right there.
Dankula: Right, I understand then. So, some of them exist in the same dimension, some of them are different, but do you get to all of them by the same method?
Chris: Uhh. Among which, a whole dimensional portal and everything, yes.
Dankula: Right. So is it, different portals or different kinds of meditation will take you to different universes?
Chris: Get you—
Dankula: Yeah.
Chris: Get you physically there.
Dankula: Nice one. That's interesting. Now, see... in regards to CWCville itself. Now obviously, you are the creator, you're the one that creates the Sonichu comics, you draw them all up, and you create the story of CWCville. Now... what would happen to CWCville if you just stopped creating the comics? Like—
Chris: E-Everybody still continues on living their lives as normal, like... like you or me. Our stories still continue on as long as we live.
Dankula: That's—
Chris: And pretty much, uhh, what I've written and, what I've written and chronicled, yeah? Among which that definitely happened beyond my own power and authority of pen and paper, but then also some of it... had already happened and I just was able to get the history in my mind all the way directly from there. It's a whole psychic process, eh?
Dankula: Right. So, uhh, what would happen to CWCville after you're gone, would the CWCville universe just continue regardless? It would just keep going?
Chris: It would, it would keep going, yes... [speaking like a showman] The show must go on!
Home life (9:01-10:22)
Dankula: [laughs] Well, moving on from CWCville, that has been some really really interesting stuff that you've actually told me about, but it's just to go a bit more into sort of personal things about your life. I have read an awful lot into you, but I'm... Let me try and keep things as positive as I absolutely can, now. It's just that some people are really interested in your relationship with your father, and it's just to find out what are some of the fondest memories you have of your father?
Chris: Uhh, well let's just see, eh? That's quite a bit to think about. I'd say among which, definitely, the road trips and him taking me to a park or two, and just enjoying the scenery and all.
The dreaming studio
Dankula: That's really nice. Umm, I know that your dad had something, was it called the dreaming studio?
Chris: Uhh, yes, that's a workshop in the backyard.
Dankula: Umm, did you and your dad ever make anything together in there?
Chris: Uhh, a few do-it-yourself projects.
Dankula: Was it just like woodwork and stuff like that?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Well, what did you make?
Chris: [exhales] I don't remember.
Dankula: Was it a long time ago, yeah?
Chris: Too long, yeah.
Dankula: Nah, that's absolutely fair enough.
Theme parks (10:22-11:28)
Dankula: Another question, as well, that People are interested in is, eh. Have you ever been to Disney World or any other theme parks?
Chris: No.
Dankula: You've never been to theme parks?
Chris: I've been to a theme park before, but I've definitely never gone out of state to go to a theme park.
Dankula: Alright, what kind of rides were your favorite?
Chris: Uhh, I like the... I like the roller coaster, I like the ferris wheel, I like the spinning-go-round where you're sp- you're... you're inside the [incomprehensible], you're spinning around and around, and you come out all dizzy.
Dankula: Ah. You're braver than me, uhh, I went-
Chris: [laughs loudly]
Dankula: [chuckles] I went on a roller coaster once when I was twelve, and it made me sick, and I've never been on one again ever since. [Shakes head] I'm scared of roller coasters.
Chris: I t-
Dankula: [laughs]
Chris: I tell you the trick? You find your center when you're feeling dizzy. You just... you ride the dizziness in your brain, you find the center in your brain and you ride with it.
Dankula: [laughs again] I'll keep that in mind.
Polyamorous marriage (11:28-15:22)
Dankula: And uhh, another question that quite a few people are interested in is, ehm, who... What can you tell us about... Is it Maggie-Chan?
Chris: Yeah, Magi-Chan.
Dankula: M... Magi-Chan, sorry, umm, who is Magi-Chan?
Chris: Uhh, he is our... He is our resident major powerful psychic/electric type Sonichu. Amongst the special 69. There are 69 of us special Sonichus and Rosechus out of the thousands they emitted from the rainbow of February 3, two thousand... [thinks] three.
Dankula: Ah, right, and what's your relationship to Magi-Chan?
Chris: Throughout my entire life, he's a lot older than you think. Hmm. And definitely as old as I had mentioned on Twitter earlier, but anyway... [widens eyes] He was my guardian angel my whole life.
Dankula: So... So has he been around a lot longer than the CWCville universe, then?
Chris: Quite so, even a lot longer than me.
Dankula: Really?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: So well, what is it that he does? Does he just sort of look out for you in the real world, and even in CWCville?
Chris: He looks out for everyone in CWCville, he looks out for me, he looks out for a lot of us people. And he's my loving, devoted husband.
Dankula: So you're... You're married to Magi-Chan as well?
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: So what's uhh... What's your relationship with Magi-Chan like, then?
Chris: Really good. We have a good... We have a good relationship between us, good communication and everything. [smiles]
Dankula: That's really good then, how long have you been married for?
Chris: We've been married since March 26, this year.
Dankula: Congratulations, I'm actually getting married myself.
Chris: Heh. Congratulations to you. I'm also married to my Cryzel Rosechu, we got married on the same day. We're polyamorous.
Dankula: P... Polyamorous... relationship? [visibly confused]
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Very progressive. Umm... So, I understand one of the things about your past is your Love Quest, you were obviously looking to find a partner, and uhh... Some people made fun of you for it, which I find very unfair because, you know, finding a life partner is everyone's goal, to be honest, you were just a lot more vocal about it. So...
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: So you being married to these two characters, does that mean that you've completed your Love Quest, then?
Chris: Pretty much, yes. Because it turns out, uhh, I was destined for this relationship, and that's why my past relationships, real and fictional, with the theoretical exes that were trolls and bullies that pretend to be women, that's why they all failed. Because I was destined for this [forces a smile] lovely relationship.
Dankula: That's... That's amazing, that's really good, so like, do any of them exist in the real world, or do they only exist in the CWCville universe, I know you said Magi-Chan...
Chris: They exi-... They exi-... They exist in this world, they exist in that world, they exist everywhere.
Dankula: Right. And so, so they...
Chris: They just come... They come from there, they come from here, they use a portal and whatnot to get from there to here.
Dankula: Right. And are any of them with you right now?
Chris: Oh yes, they're all with... A lot of them are... A few of them are with my, currently my hubby and my honey.
Dankula: That's good, umm... This is something I've kept track of for a long time, so I'm actually pretty happy that you've completed your Love Quest. Congratulations.
Chris: Yes. Yes, thank you.
Trolls (15:22-17:45)
Dankula: And, uhh, one thing that you brought up as well was one of the main things that I did want to speak about, is, in your past you have had people troll you, I would probably go as far as to say that you have been one of the most trolled people on the internet, and I'm... I'm kind of known for being a bit of a troll myself, I like to make fun of people, I like to take the piss out of people, but there is a line that people shouldn't cross. I feel if you're trolling someone, you shouldn't affect their real life, and you have had some really really bad things happen to you in the past, things that even to me are things that really cross the line. And it has had a really bad effect on you.
Chris: Mhmm.
Dankula: And stuff, like you said people in the past pretended to be women, tricking you into falling in love with them, and I-
Chris: Mhmm...
Dankula: I know one of them was BlueSpike, and I thought what BlueSpike did particularly was absolutely disgusting. I thought what he did to you was terrible.
Chris: Mhmm. [covers face]
Dankula: Yeah. I'm sorry, I don't mean to upset you, Chris, I would... If you don't want me to talk about it, I won't talk about it.
Chris: It's all right.
Dankula: Okay, I'm very sorry, I'll move on from that, I just uhh... I just wanted to make it clear that some of the stuff that's happened to you is very very unfair
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: And just so you know, we don't... Not everyone laughs at what happened to you.
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: I just wanted you to know that.
Chris: Yeah, thank you. If there's anything positive I'd like for everybody who, say, gets trolls or bullies out there on the internet, definitely just ignore them and try and move on with your lives for yourself offline and uhh... Just try to do good for yourself, be emotionally positive for yourself, because the most important person you could love, or who loves you, is yourself.
Dankula: That's a good and wholesome message, that's really good. But like, those were just some of the main questions that people wanted to go over but I'm quite happy that you keep talking about CWCville 'cause it seems that CWCville is obviously a passion it's what you're most active about and you love doing.
Chris: Yeah, that and my species of Sonichus and Rosechus.
Future plans (17:45-19:55)
Dankula: So what's next in the CWCville storyline then? What's next to happen?
Chris: We're still developing, it's ongoing. I'm still working on the Night Star book, and after that I'm working on book 14, which is... we're end up going further into Graduon's story.
Dankula: And what's going to happen there, or do you not- do you not want to give away too much of the story there? Do you want to keep it a secret?
Chris: Well, essentially we go- we talk about Graduon's history, and how he came to be here and there, and uh... at this point pretty much coming back to Earth in the Metal Sonichu body and what happens after that.
Dankula: Nice one. It's interesting. So, in regards to then, obviously you're in a polyamorous relationship. Do you plan on having kids?
Chris: Eventually yes. That is definitely part of the destiny.
Dankula: Do you have a destiny planned out for yourself?
Chris: The destiny was planned out for me without my knowledge.
Dankula: [laughs] Was that- was that Magi-Chan that did that?
Chris: For so many years I didn't even know until most recently, but yeah. It's all good.
Dankula: That's good then. What are you... what are you doing with yourself in the real world anyway? You just sitting making comics and stuff, or you just doing your drawings? What else are you doing in the real world?
Chris: Uh, I didn't understand the question.
Dankula: Oh, sorry, just... In the real world, like where you are just now, like outside of CWCville, do you have any future plans or anything or are all of your plans centered on CWCville? Basically is all that matters or of the real world.
Chris: I don't know much about future plans right now, except for what I've learned recently about the uh... about my destiny and everything, so I'm pretty much just going with the flow, and doing as I go, which it actually kind of works out. Being pretty much in the present.
Dankula: Well that's good then.
More CWCville (19:55-42:18)
Dankula: So, I'm just trying to- it's some of the things you've said about CWCville with like- I'm fascinated, mainly about the dimensions type of thing but like... It's just that I'm interested in about the travel, like how often do you actually travel to CWCville?
Chris: I'd say most daily.
Dankula: Daily? How long do you spend there?
Chris: Uh, about like a few hours at the moment?
Dankula: Does it... does it work in the same way like, for example, if you travel to CWCville and you're there for two hours, does two hours pass in the real world?
Chris: Yeah, the time difference is one to one.
Dankula: Right, so it's the same amount of time. Right.
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: It's fair enough. I'm just- so what else do you- what else is it that you do there? Do you just talk to everyone, like, do you have a house in CWCville that you live in?
Chris: Yes, I have a place that I live in there.
Dankula: Right. And do you live there with your wife and husband then there?
Chris: Yeah. We're pretty much mostly still here- still here at the time, and we're going to end up being mostly over there much later on.
Dankula: No, that's fair enough. And I totally- It's weird that I totally get where you're coming from. Is there anything else, like, about CWCville, that you think people would find interesting? We've got about 3,000 people watching just now and they're finding it pretty interesting. Is there anything else you want to tell them that, you know, not many people know that you think they'd be interested in?
Chris: [Sighs] Well, I definitely so much more to CWCville that meets the eye. And, by the way, Pallet Town where Ash Ketchum came from, as well as Viridian City is clearly south of CWCville.
Dankula: So is the Pokémon Universe in the same dimension as CWCville?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: That's cool, 'cause I fucking love Pokémon. I love Pokémon, I don't care how old I am. I love Pokemon. [Laughs] And so, do you travel to Pallet Town as well then when you're in CWCville?
Chris: Just nearby, so...
we got Oak down there, we also have our own Pokémon Professor in the city of CWCville as well. Anyways, it's all good, it's fine. But also you think a character that's on [Stutters] you think a character or person is fictional in this world, they exist in that dimension or in a sister dimension, once again like Stephen Universe is in that different dimension where World War 2 never happened.
Dankula: Right. Did World War II happen in the CWCville universe?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: It happened there?
Chris: Yeah, this one's pretty much... the sister dimension to this world where we're living in right now, you and me.
Dankula: Right. [pauses in awe] I have so many questions! So, so you've got-
Chris: So many questions, so little time.
Dankula: I know, I know, I'm sorry, but like... So, CWCville itself has its own Pokémon Professor, so there's obviously Pokémon in CWCville that you can catch.
Chris: Yeah, and Sonichus and Rosechus are definitely in the family, you know, between the evolution of Rosey- Rosechu-Vamprosa; Sonee-Sonichu-Metonic... They're all official Pokemon, and there's literally over 1,000 Pokémon in existence and registered officially in the Pokédex over there that are not yet chronicled in this world in the games and everything. And Sonichu is number 982.
Dankula: So, those Pokémon that exist in the CWCville universe that haven't yet come into the games in the real world.
Chris: You mustn't not- You don't have to call it CWCville universe, because it essentially is the neutral sister dimension universe to our world here where everybody exists pretty much.
Dankula: So out of all the cartoon or comic universes that exist, CWCville is the one that's most closely related to the one that we're in now?
Chris: Well you have pretty much CWCville, but there's also Springfield, Quahog, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles live there, and even Cybertron exists there. And Canterlot High School with a portal to Equestria.
Dankula: Right, so they're all deeply-
Chris: In the same dimension!
Dankula: So we're all in the same dimension as these other worlds?
Chris: Yeah, the only difference is that pretty much... we can't see it in this world or our reality, but we open our minds and we can see what would be invisible in this world, but it's fully visible there in that dimension. And the Gamindustri and all the CPUs are there.
Dankula: Right. Who are the CPUs?
Chris: The Console Patron Units. Hyperdimension Neptunia.
Dankula: What do they do? I don't know what they are. Sorry.
Chris: [pauses] You gotta get in on this. Hyperdimension Neptunia this is , the games been around for many years, the CPUs are the goddesses, there's a religion around them and everything. And there's like a 12 episode anime for them that covers at least the basics about them.
Dankula: Right, right, okay. So when you mention the other worlds like obviously Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Transformers and stuff like that, do you travel to those worlds too?
Chris: Uh, among which I can project myself to there, yeah.
Dankula: Oh, obviously because you're the creator of CWCville, is it- it's obviously much easier for you to get to CWCville than it is to these other worlds.
Chris: Yeah, pretty much among which, it just takes a little bit more effort for me to get to most anywhere else.
Dankula: So, what other worlds have you travelled to?
Chris: I've definitely been to Equestria.
Dankula: You mean Equestria, Is that the My Little Pony one?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Alright, so what did you do when you were there?
Chris: Uh... just pretty much, diplomatic things.
Dankula: So, do these other worlds, do they have like diplomatic relations with each other then, do you sort of act as a diplomat between the worlds?
Chris: Among which, and an ally. I try to be as good a friend as I can be.
Dankula: Right, so is it to sort of like to maintain peace or something? 'Cause it usually- whenever diplomats are involved, it's because worlds might not like each other. So do any of these worlds, you know, sort of...
Chris: I don't know the full- I don't know the total history, but there have been some conflicts among which in the past that have been previously chronicled in the animated, the live action, the anime series, and the comic books and manga and literature books and everything. It's all- a bunch of it- a lot of it's chronicled in our world, so what I don't know you can pretty much read about it.
Dankula: Right, so have some of cartoon worlds, then, have they like gone to war with each other before?
Chris: Uh... like I said, I don't know the full history, but I would go with among which... yeah.
Dankula: Do you know which ones? If you don't know it's fine.
Chris: I don't know. I don't know the totality of it all just yet. I only know, like... you know, this, that amount here and there. I don't know everything, its still a big world over there, just like this one.
Dankula: Yeah, is it- sorry.
Chris: And then the big universe that surrounds it. Even Planet Dolan is there.
Dankula: Planet Dolan, is that- is that in its own universe as well? That's the YouTuber isn't it, yeah.
Chris: Yeah, but I'm talking about the actual Planet Dolan with all the characters from Planet Dolan actually exist like Melissa the Bird, and... PringleTheOne and Nixxiom and Hellbent and Dolan. Dolan himself. The character Dolan!
Dankula: That's amazing. So like, has CWCville ever been at war with any other cartoon worlds? Has there been problems or any kind of aggression or anything like that?
Chris: Not that I'm fully aware of, but I'm sure there have been a few differences here and there.
Dankula: So obviously your job is to make sure, like you act as the diplomat so you try and make sure that everything stay peaceful?
Chris: Yeah. And I have my own bunch of powers as well, so it works.
Dankula: So, what powers is it that you have?
Chris: Electric, Magic, Psychic... I'm still learning.
Dankula: So do these powers work in the real world or is this only when you travel to these other worlds?
Chris: They're still in development. They partially work in this world.
Dankula: Right.
Is there anything more you want to tell me about your powers? What is it, specifically that you can-?
Chris: [hesitates] Um, let's just leave it at... uh, I don't want to divulge too much right now.
Dankula: No that’s, that’s completely fine. Thats okay. So, who is it that teaches you your powers, is it Magi-Chan?
Chris: Um, among others, yes. I have many a teacher help me figure my powers out.
Dankula: Are these all people that exist within-
they’re characters within the CWCville?
Chris: Among which, yes.
Dankula: That’s interesting. Um…
Chris: Let’s move on to another topic.
Dankula: No. No that’s no problem, that’s fine. I’m just trying to- It’s just lot a bit of travel between the worlds thing. It’s just- Do you do it from your bedroom? Is it, like a mental thing? You’ve mentioned portals before, do you actually- when you say a portal, is it like a portal in your mind or does an actual portal open in front of you that you walk through?
Chris: An actual portal.
Dankula: An actual portal. And do you just open it in your bedroom and just walk through it?
Chris: Um, from my bedroom, anywhere… Let’s not divulge too much right now.
Dankula: No, it’s- I totally understand. You wouldn’t want- you wouldn’t want people figuring it out and trying to cause problems. Ehm… It’s something I may try it. But don’t worry, I’ll [laughs] I may try it myself. [continues laughing]
Chris: You may wanna go find- you may wanna go find somebody else who knows more about portal making than I do.
Dankula: It’s okay, it’s okay, I won’t ask you to teach me. Well… One thing that we can do is here, I’ll have a look and see if anybody has submitted any questions in the Super Chat, see if there’s anything else that we can get here. It’ll just be a moment and I’ll read through these.
Chris: Okay.
Dankula: Dadadadada, just trying to find… anything here. While I’m looking for this, are you going to any conventions or anything like that this year? Are you going to Comic Con or anything?
Chris: Yeah, I’m going to BarneyCon later this year.
Dankula: BronyCon.
Chris: Yup.
Dankula: That’s cool. I’m probably going to ComicCon myself.
Chris: BronyCon’s quite close to home, just like a pretty much a two hour drive from here.
Dankula: I’m all the way over in Scotland.
Chris: [horrible Scottish accent] Oh, is that where you are? I thought your accent was quite genuine to be a Scottish accent, eh?
Dankula: [laughs] Yeah.
Chris: I’m like wh- I found on 23AndMe that I am 100% European. I think there was a little Scottish in there, although I’m mostly British.
Dankula: Was it British, ah, Scots are, we’re an interesting people. You know we got ginger hair and bad tempers, that’s usually what makes you Scottish. [laughs]
Chris: Eh, people are colorful like that. Everybody’s got their honest interests and everything. And that’s fi- You know it’s funny, 23AndMe I did find me a point one- less than point 1 percent… Ashkenazi. Jewish.
Dankula: Ashkenazi Jewish.
Chris: Who knew? Yeah.
Dankula: That’s interesting.
Chris: And my ancestry go all the way- and my ancestors were from Africa, so there’s possibly a little bit of black in me too. [impersonates black stereotype] What’chu say me homie? [imitates Fat Albert] Hey hey hey!
Dankula: [bursts out laughing] Umm... Just, I'm just double checking here. I'm trying to find... I'm not really finding any questions... Oh, someone's actually asked one here. What type of food is in CWCville? Like, is it just the same food you would get here, or is it different?
Chris: I’d say it’s the same amou- type of cuisine we get here, yes.
Dankula: Is there anything new that you can only get in CWCville?
Chris: Not that I’m aware of yet. 'Cept possibly maybe CWC brand Cola.
Dankula: CWC brand cola?
Chris: Or CWC brand anything.[laughs]
Dankula: So CWCville’s got its own brands of things as well.
Chris: Why not, it’s “CWC” enough to go with my initials.
Dankula: [laughs] I’m just-
Chris: It’s about as unique as Zap Apple Jam from Equestria.
Dankula: Right, so they’ve got like- they’ve got their own sort of products and CWCville has its own products as well.
Chris: Eh, give or take. They’re mostly similar.
Dankula: Someone’s actually asked a very good question. How does CWCville’s political system work? 'Cause I know that you’ve mentioned before there’s the mayor and the leaders. Is there other things does it have a senate? Or anything, you know a congressman?
Chris: I don’t know too much about politics, I’m just… I would say that they elect themselves… I’d say it’s similar, and they work along the political system of the rest of the country.
Dankula:Right, so is it just like- it’s not just one leader of CWCville, there’s obviously a group you know-
Chris:There’s like a staff underneath the mayor part as well.
Dankula: And then they advise? They obviously advise the mayor on decisions and things like that.
Chris: Yes.
Dankula: So what kind of decisions do they make? Is it just sort of things like opening a new park or something like that? Is it just those kind of decisions like sort of, you know, standard government decisions?
Chris: Yeah, pretty much.
Dankula: Fair enough, that’s quite cool. One thing that people are asking as well, um… this is something that I’ve actually never heard of, so I don’t know if this is actually true. Someone is saying to me you have a brother?
Chris: A brother?
Dankula: Yeah.
Chris: Yeah, I have two half-brothers. That’s Joseph Cole Smithey over in New York City and Dr. David Alan Chandler over here in Virginia in the Richmond area, and my half-sister Carol Chandler…Although she might have gotten married by now…I don’t know if she changed her last name or not.
Dankula: Alrighty, Do you still speak to them? Or do you stay in contact?
Chris: Uh… very rarely nowadays. They pretty much close- they closed themselves off from me.
Dankula: Well, why did they do that?
Chris: I’d say, they, well… To put it rather bluntly, I’d say Cole knows my mother, knows our mother quite too well. She’s always saying he’s not fond of her like that. And same possibly can be said of Alan and Carol of our father. And they just assumed distance themselves from, uh from- my from… their dad and our mom and just… uh, you know typical, like, the older brother from Malcolm in the Middle.
Dankula: Right, right yeah that’s fine. So just sort of family disputes? It wasn’t really you or anything, it was just members of the family falling out with each other?
Chris: Pretty much, yeah.
Dankula: Yeah, don’t worry I completely understand that.
Chris: Yup. That’s the story, and we live with it.
Dankula: That’s fine, I’ve got similar stuff myself, don’t you worry. I’ve got a cousin who absolutely refuses to talk to me anymore.
Chris: I got cousins in Red Oak who refuse to talk to even my mother anymore.
Dankula: Really? Mine doesn’t talk to me for political reasons, but let’s not go into that.
Chris: Right.
Dankula: I’m just gonna have…
Chris: There’s three things you don’t talk about in general public; Religion, politics, and the Great Pumpkin.
Dankula: The Great Pumpkin? What’s the Great Pumpkin?
Chris: What, you never watched Peanuts? Charlie Brown?
Dankula: Oh, yeah I think I remember something about that, yeah. I think I seen that when I was like a child. Like I was really young I think when I last watched that.
Chris: It’s fun to go back and watch the old cartoons you used to watch, reminisce. Feels-little, young once again, be like [impersonates a child] Oh yeah, I’m familiar with this, I’ve seen it before, it’s still funny.
Dankula: I watched, like when I was growing up I watched Pokémon, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and Transformers, and Street Sharks as well. I used to watch Street Sharks all the time when I was younger. I had all the action figures and everything… I loved Street Sharks.
Chris: Hm. That’s cool.
Dankula: I’m just trying to… see if there’s any other questions… a lot of people are asking as well see because World War 2, you say happened in CWCville.
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: So obviously, as Pokémon exist in CWCville, were Pokémon involved in the war?
Chris: I can’t say.
Dankula: That’s fine. I hope they weren’t 'cause that sounds horrible. I really hope they weren’t.
Chris: I think it was more of a human on human thing in that battle.
Dankula: That’s okay then. I don’t like the idea of Pokémon getting killed, so I hope it was just human on human.
Chris: Yeah, I would believe so, yeah.
Dankula: That’s okay then.
Chris: Yeah, let’s leave it at that.
Dankula: Yeah. I’m just trying to… double check a few things. I think, I’m not really seeing a lot of valid questions coming in through on the Super Chat. So…
Chris: Hey Simplechat, give us simple questions, simple minds!
Dankula: Yeah, good questions, like actual good questions. Ones that will actually be interesting, please… While I’m waiting on stuff like that, I’m trying to think of what else I could actually ask you about CWCville. 'Cause I’m absolutely fascinated. It’s weird, 'cause I have a million things that I want to know, I just can’t put them into words.
Chris: [imitates car honking while holding up toy car. Laughs]
Dankula: [laughs] So like, see in order for something to become part of the CWCville universe, do you have to actually physically draw the comic, or as soon as the thought enters into your head, does it, is that it? It becomes part of the CWCville universe? Do you need to draw it or do you just need to think it?
Chris: Uhmm…I think it’s pretty much I have to… I pretty much… I have to fully think it and assess it. And like, you know, want it. And then it would become into existence.
Dankula: Yeah.
Chris: And of course, you know the expression. Necessity… cre- necessity is the mother of invention.
Day-to-day life/health (42:18-44:25)
Dankula: That’s true, that’s very, very true. You know, a thing as well, people are interested in- A good question actually came through there- if you could just sort of describe just an average day in your life. Just, from when you wake up in the morning, what do you do?
Chris: I have a granola bar, I have a Monster Energy Tea to wake myself up. That’s at about 8:30 in the morning. I have a bit of breakie, I do what I feel like I would- I would try to get some drawing or whatever my current project is that I’m working on, or whatever happens to pop up in the day, and I have various things pop up that really keep me busy. It’s various, and… it can get-it can just get quite frustrating for me. But anyways, uh, typical day… So let’s say definitely among the drawings , so drawing for a while, I have lunch, I draw some- and color some more and then I have when I’m- dinner, and then I would take it and I would, like, come about 9 o'clock, I take a shower and then I get ready and go to bed.
Dankula: So, is it pretty much the majority of your day then is drawing the comics for CWCville, and writing the story?
Chris: Yeah, if I'm not having to go out anywhere.
Dankula: Yeah. What type of places do you usually go to?
Chris: Yeah, I [unintelligible] like to try and get out at least a few times a week to the Anytime Fitness gym. I am a member.
Dankula: Oh, right. That's cool. Actually, I work out in the house. I don't like the gym. [laughs] I prefer working out in the house.
Chris: Hmmm... You need like a weight machine.
Dankula: Nah, I've got weights that I use and I've also got a punching bag as well.
Chris: That's good. That's good. You roll with the punches.
Dankula: Yeah. I used to work as a bouncer, so I've been punched a lot [laughs].
Chris: And I work–I mostly run on the treadmill.
Family Guy (44:25-45:16)
Dankula: Mostly on the treadmill? That's good. I don't do enough cardio. I probably should get on a treadmill myself. Are there any cartoons that you used to like but you don't like them anymore?
Chris: [sighs] I'm definitely not a fan of Family Guy anymore [blows raspberry]
Dankula: Why? What happened?
Chris: [shakes head with uncertain mumbling]
Dankula: No? I think a lot of people feel the same way.
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: I think Family guy peaked [gestures] and it then just got a lot worse.
Chris: I think their peak was the crossover with The Simpsons.
Dankula: That was the peak?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Fair enough. Was that an example of two universes meeting then?
Chris: Well, they were already in the same dimension, so yeah.
Looking back (45:16-45:59)
Dankula: [lights cigarette] That's fair enough. Now... do you tend to look back on your past a lot? About all the things that happened?
Chris: Yeah, among which, I... looked back and I reminisce and recount this and that, yeah.
Dankula: Yeah. Obviously, [smiles] I would understand why you'd be reluctant to talk about that. 'Cause, considering some of the stuff that's happened. But, how are you doing now? Though, even after... Because I think it was 2007 is when you first came on the scene. Whenever you–
Chris: Yeah. When the trolls really started to buzz me there, yes.
Dankula: Yeah.
Chris gets distracted (45:59-46:47)
Chris: [looks behind and talks to self] Is there a light going on somewhere? [unintelligible]
Dankula: [takes a drag of cigarette] Is that your cat?
Chris: [holds up hand] No.
Uhh... There's a green light. Don't know where this green light is coming from. Okay... That's just... There's this thing down here. Yeah... I guess that means it's recording. I see a little green light
on my [falsetto voice] camera here.
Dankula: Ah, right. Okay [laughs].
Chris: [falsetto] What is that? What is that? It's so alien to me! But there's two of them. And now they're gone. [unintelligible] Oh, I see! [speaks into headphones mic]
That's VOLUME!
Dankula: Oh, is it the volume? Right... [laughs] Jeez, oh...
Purchasing Sonichu media (46:47-47:48)
Dankula: Umm... I've got someone that's actually asking, as well. Uhh... People are actually asking if they can actually buy your comics.
Chris: The only way right now, until I can find [unintelligible] with the trolls will not... sabotage it is through my Patreon and pledging–they get a book per month or more depending on how much they pledge. Twenty dollars is the minimum. They get one book per month.
Dankula: That's–
Chris: [interrupts] Worldwide shipping!
Dankula: You've had–Because, I think you've had problems before where people buying things from you just to destroy them.
Chris: [sighs] Yeah, that's happened before.
Dankula: Yeah...
Chris: [childish mumbling]
Dankula: I suppose–I suppose at the end of the day, you still made money from it. So, if people want to buy something just to destroy it, you know, that's their loss.
Chris: Yeah... Major loss.
Implied bestiality (47:48-48:24)
Dankula: Someone's actually asked a question as well. In CWCville, are Pokémon allowed to date humans in CWCville? [pauses] Can you–
Chris: It happened. It happened outside of CWCville a lot [smirks].
Dankula: "Has"? Right. Is it fine in CWCville? It's not like against the law or anything? It's completely fine?
Chris: It's completely fine! I could date a male Gardevoir if they wanted to.
Dankula: [chuckles] Fair enough.
Chris shows his detachment from reality (48:24-51:18)
Dankula: Someone's actually asked a really good one. See, when you first created CWCville, did all of the other dimensions appear simultaneously, or were all dimensions created at a different time?
Chris: Umm... I think [pauses] pretty much everything was existing already and... It just took me this mind link [gestures to head] to these dimensions where CWCville was already existing there and everybody and everything, and alongside everybody else. So... Yeah, it's just pretty much... Well, you can create a character in your mind but then it's like there was this in that dimension at a pre-existing time. When you think of it, and they live their lives and they live–just, long as you given them–To me, like you could create a 55 year old man and he'll perform 55 years earlier in the other–in that dimension there, and you're like "Eh. Okay, so what's your story?"
[impersonates old man] Well, I'll tell you about [grins] the old times! Back in the day when candy bars used to cost a nickel! I had many adventures! I served in 'Nam. I served in 'Nam and we won. [shakes fist] I'll tell you something you young whippersnapper! Don't screw around! You can fart, but don't screw around!
Dankula: [laughs] That's fair enough. So, the way I thought of it was–see like how, for example, Transformers was created like back in the 80s. Like, I thought it was a case of that's when that universe would have started, and then because CWCville. You created or discovered, was it 2010? CWCville?
Chris: Sonichu came into my mind in March 2000.
Dankula: 2000? Right. So, CWCville wasn't created in 2000 and Transformers wasn't created in the 80s. They've just always existed? But, they came into this world just when someone thought of them?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Yeah. So, it's a case of whenever anyone ever has an idea for a cartoon character, it's not really their idea? Is it like that dimension is reaching out [gestures to head] to them in their head?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Right. So, do these dimensions want to be discovered then? And is that why they do that?
Chris: Among which. Yes, they like having their stories told.
Dankula: [laughs] That's actually pretty good.
Becoming Night Star (51:18-54:33)
Dankula: Someone asked this question as well, but I think you already went over this earlier. Let's see what it says... They've asked "What does your normal body do when your mind is in CWCville?" But I think you said that you actually walk through a portal. So basically, your real body goes into CWCville, because you walk through a portal, yeah–
Chris: Yeah. I enter human, I stay human. I enter in my Sonichu form, I stay Sonichu.
Dankula: Right... [pauses] Right then, I'm just...
Chris: And the only way I can go back and forth is just the way as I have depicted in the comics. And the only alternate–and the only different time where I could actually end up not being human or Sonichu is if I enter that portal at Canterlot High to get to Equestria and then I become... [wide-eyed stare] my pony version of myself. Just like, you know, Science Twilight can enter and become unicorn Twilight.
Dankula: Yeah...
Chris: But in my case, I'm an alicorn.[2] I've seen it! I [unintelligible] Night Star is my counterpart there, and is a unicorn. I've actually have ascended when I have actually felt wings on my back the whole time, so... I do believe when I enter that portal at Canterlot High to get to Equestria and that dimension there, I'll come out an alicorn. And with the same winged heart [gestures a heart with his hands] cutie mark.
Dankula: Right. So, whenever you transform–like, go to one of these dimensions, do you take on a form that would more fit that universe?
Chris: I think–I think more–I think most likely, I'll still maintain this form that I'm currently in, like you know, between my human and my Sonichu form.
Dankula: So, you get to–you can choose whether or not you transform? You can stay human if you want, but you can also choose to transform?
Chris: Yeah. That's a whole different skill of [unintelligible] if you're visiting Equestria. There's a kind of a thing where you might be able to enter the Konami Code to stay as you are, so you can enter Equestria still human.
Dankula: Right. So basically, it means if I travel to any of these universes, would I just transform and I couldn't control it? I would just transform, whether I liked it or not?
Chris: Going to Equestria, you become, whether you were Earth, Unicorn, Pegasus, [pauses] yourself.
Dankula: Right. So, what kind of pony would I turn into?
Chris: I don't know. Umm... I don't know much about you, but... If I were to guess probably [pauses] either Earth or unicorn.
Dankula: Right. The funny thing is, a unicorn is actually Scotland's national animal. That actu–yeah [laughs].
Chris: Well, there you go. You just might–you just might come out a unicorn – a bearded unicorn.
Dankula: [laughs] A bearded unicorn.
Chris: There's bearded guy ponies in there, so why not?
Dankula: Fair enough. That's fair enough.
Potential dimensions to visit (54:33-55:28)
Dankula: Is there a dimension that you would like to visit but you can't yet?
Chris: Umm... Hmmm... I can't say at this moment. Oh, well actually, I wouldn't mind visiting Skylands or LEGO Dimensions.
Dankula: LEGO? So, have you not been able to visit those ones yet?
Chris: Not yet. You know I have a counterpart in Skylanders I created in Skylanders Imaginators
Dankula: Yeah?
Chris: Yah.
Dankula: Why is it you're not able to visit there yet? Is it just, you don't know how to open the portal just yet? Or...
Chris: It just hasn't happened yet.
Dankula: Right.
Chris: I think that's probably a dealing I would have to be with Master Eon and the toys-to-life and everything there. [covers mouth and mumbles something in a childish voice]
Dankula: [laughs]
Ted Bundy is half-Sonichu (55:28-58:53)
Dankula: One thing as well is... Some people want to know–obviously, your famous medallion, you know. It's one thing that is... yeah. I'm actually really–hold on. In fact, hold on. I'll just full screen you. I want that–I want that on the stream. Can you show your medallion again?
Chris: [leans up to show bust]
Dankula: This is the famous medallion. Umm... Is that actually a key to travelling at all?
Chris: No. It's just pretty much to–It's pretty much would be my key to my transforming between my Sonichu form and back. But really moreover, it's not the physical medallion, but more the medall–more the... More the... My crest behind there my chest, that's this shape [holds medallion].
Dankula: Yeah. So is that a case of–that sort of makes sure that if anybody else goes to CWCville, they can't transform into Sonichu, only you can?
Chris: Uhh. It's a very select few. My father was half-Sonichu.
Dankula: Your father was half-Sonichu as well?
Chris: Mister C is, yes.
Dankula: Right. And what about Barb, your mother?
Chris: No, she's not.
Dankula: She's not. So she's just a hundred percent human?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: Right. But, your father was half-Sonichu as well?
Chris: Yep.
Dankula: Is there anybody else in this dimension who's half-Sonichu that you know of?
Chris: Hmm. Those that were born in this dimension, there were only–that I know of–there were only three of us that were half-Sonichu: that's me, my father, and Ted Bundy.
Dankula: [genuinely taken aback] Um-- Ted Bundy?
Chris: Yeah.
Dankula: The... the serial killer?
Chris: [sighs] Mistaken for a serial killer, but... he was not.
Dankula: Well, then, you... the Ted Bundy that was put on trial and stuff?
Chris: Hmm, yeah, so his Wikipedia page reads. That was not, that's... he was clea–he was framed, he was–there was a whole bunch of mistake in there. He was actually working undercover at the time.
Dankula: [rolls cigarette] Right. So, so, Ted Bundy, the guy who was [pauses] well, as you say, falsely put on trial for being a serial killer...
Chris: Yeah?
Dankula: ...He was half-Sonichu?
Chris: Yep.
Dankula: So, did him... Did him being falsely put on trial have anything to do with the fact he was half-Sonichu? Or was that just unfortunate circumstance?
Chris: It was just an unfortunate circumstance. [childish voice] I'm a victim of circumstances! [childish noises]
Dankula: Right. Fair enough.
Chris: [continues childish noises]
Dankula: [laughs] Okay.
Chris: [unintelligible] on my phone nowadays. [unintelligible] Y'all be laying up eggs out that numb skull of yours! [childish growls]
Dankula: [laughs]
Chris: [continues]
Dankula: Yeah, [smirks] you okay there, Chris, yeah? [laughs]
S-Chu Balls (58:53-1:00:10)
Dankula: Well, I'm–What I'll do is, I'll have a look at a few questions here. I'll see if there's anymore in the Super Chats. Umm... Just to see if there's anything. [browses chat] Umm... Some people were asking again for anything you've brought back from the dimensions that you've visited, but you already showed us that Poké Ball?
Chris: Yes, the S-Chu Ball.
S: The S-Chu Ball. What Pokémon was in that again, sorry? Is there a Pokémon in it, or is it just an empty one?
Chris: Uhh... It's not in any of the Pokémon games yet, but the Poké Ball that [sound distorts] has a 3.5 catch rate for capturing anyone in the Sonichu and Rosechu family, or 2.5 catch rate for any electric-type Pokémon.
Dankula: Right. So is that a special ball that's not–it doesn't exist in the games yet?
Chris: Not yet.
Dankula: Not yet? That's actually pretty interesting. I like that. [browses chat] Okay then, I'm not finding, uhh...
Rick and Morty in CWCville (1:00:10-1:01:13)
Dankula: Actually, someone's posted an interesting one. Uhh... [Username]. I've not been reading out people's names, I apologize for that, guys. Sorry, I should be reading out yours names with your questions, that's my bad. How does Rick and Morty fit into the universes? Because they seem to be able to travel very, very easily. You know, using the portal gun. Uhh... Between the universes. How do they fit into the dimensions? 'Cause they look like they cause problems in pretty much every dimension that they visit.
Chris: Umm... I don't know. That's beyond my knowledge at this point.
Dankula: Yeah. You might want to keep them out of CWCville. They seem to mess up every dimension that they go to. So, you might want to keep them out.
Chris: Yeah. I think uhh–I think they are being keeped [sic] out, but that's, like I said, that's beyond my knowledge right now. It's–I'm sure there are others outside CWCville in the same dimension that's taking care of all that. It's a whole different jurisdiction or something.
Dankula: Ah, that's fair enough. That's fine.
Final words (1:01:13-1:02:52)
Dankula: As far [pauses] as things go, I think we've covered pretty much everything that–well, there's no more questions rolling in and stuff like that. But... [smiles] It has been absolutely amazing getting to finally speak to you. You're someone that I have actually watched for quite some time. And I'm actually quite giddy at getting to finally meet and speak to you in person, but... I can let you wrap up the stream if you want, just now. Is there any final message that you would like to get across to everyone?
Chris: Yeah. Don't bully people. Show some kindness and respect to others. Give them like uhh...Put yourself in their shoes for a moment and [pauses] think. Just think. Do you want to be–if somebody talked to you like that, would you feel good, would you feel bad? And I would say: if it makes you feel bad, then I would just not do it. So be good, be respectful, be kind. Stop and think.
Dankula: That's good. That's wholesome. That's a really good message. Right, well. To everybody that came along to the stream: thank you very much. Right that was–
Chris: [interrupts] Yes. Thank you.
Dankula: Thanks. It was good. It was really insightful. It was good to learn about more about yourself, and also about the CWCville universe and I really appreciate you for doing this for me, Chris. They're amazing, but thank you very much.
Chris: Yep yep [thumbs up]
Dankula: Excellent. Right. [thumbs up] Thanks very much for coming, guys. Right. Cheers.
Chris: [sings] Thanks for the memories!
Dankula: [laughs]
See also
Chris and journalism
References
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/chris-chan-interviews.35683/page-12#post-3422382
↑ Editor's note: Alicorns in MLP are typically reserved for royalty or elite characters. Given that Chris elected to be an alicorn is to be expected.
⇐ Copitz interview
Chris's videos
Send Me to Too Many Games Convention! ⇒
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Count_Dankula&oldid=352960"