Title: CWCki
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/CWCki
Categories: Articles of the Now, CWCki, Trolling, Websites, Things Chris hates
================================================================================

This is the article for the wiki about Chris. For more information about the wiki written by Chris, please see CWCipedia.
What happens when CWCki gets STRESSED.
Popularity of the CWCki throughout the years.
“
The Cwcki, which was originally created without my prior consent, is a Wikipedia style website about me and my life details to the extent of what I've shared, personally, online and in writing, and even what the "Christorians", Weens and Internet Trolls paparazzied of me without my consent or conscious knowledge at those respective times.
”
Chris on the CWCki, September 2024[1]
“
Only the updates, once in a while. Just to see if y'all actually spotted me out in public.
”
Chris on how often he frequents the CWCki, March 2025[2]
The CWCki (pronounced "quick-ee") was created by Cogsdev, as the ED page was getting far too large for people to take. It serves as the Internet's only wiki devoted to Christian Weston Chandler, the infamous autistic manchild. As with any wiki, anyone can edit it, even YOU. Seriously though, if you're reading this, you are qualified and should be editing (just read this first).
Until 20 December 2019, the CWCki's motto was NO SHIT IS TOO MINOR. That motto was dropped in response to a substantial increase in people trying to influence Chris for attention, being replaced with OBSERVE CHRISTORY. DON'T MAKE CHRISTORY.
Contents
1 History
1.1 110mb era (2008–2010)
1.2 Independent era (2010–2018)
1.3 1776 Hosting era (2018–2022)
1.4 Post-1776 Hosting era (2022–present)
2 Forum
3 Chris's opinion
4 References by Chris
5 See also
6 References
History
One of the many members of the CWCki team, on the hunt for more information regarding autistic manchildren.
110mb era (2008–2010)
The CWCki came to life on 110mb, the land of shitty web servers that go down every damn day.
Before the CWCki moved to sonichu.com, it had a history of outages caused by shit servers and counter-trolls. This is a history of the CWCki:
October 2008: 110mb shut down all its service for two entire weeks out of nowhere just to move to a different data center.
25 January 2009: The CWCki's MediaWiki incarnation is founded.
August 2009: A white knight complained to 110mb and everything got shut down. Then a day or two later, it was back up again.
13-18 September 2009: Due to maintenance, 110mb was closed.
4 January 2010: Finally, after the 9001st outage, the CWCki moved to Cogsdev.org.
26 June 2010: cogsdev.110mb.com is terminated from the server it was on.
Independent era (2010–2018)
7 November 2010: The CWCki moves from Cogsdev.org to Sonichu.com, having obtained the domain name.
1 March 2016: Captcha Service for the CWCki shuts down.[3]
21 August 2018: Registration for new users is disabled due to abuse from spambots. New accounts are only open to those who contact a CWCki jerkop.
1776 Hosting era (2018–2022)
2 November 2018: The CWCki moves to 1776 Hosting, owned by Null (who also owns the Kiwi Farms and operates it out of 1776 Hosting).
12 April 2019: The Captcha Service of the CWCki is back!
2-12 July 2019: Due to 1776 Hosting being banned from its original datacenters, the CWCki went down as the servers physically relocated.
29 June 2021- 3 July 2021: The CWCki went down for several days (minus a brief return on 30 June) as a result of a DDoS attack against Kiwi Farms.
12 February 2022 - 16 February 2022: The CWCki went down for several days (minus a brief return on 13 February) as a result of another DDoS attack against Kiwi Farms by the same force.
22 August 2022: A harassment campaign against Keffals, and the fallout from it, results in a wave of denial-of-service attacks against the Kiwi Farms, causing the CWCki to go offline.
September 2022: Cloudflare ended services with the Kiwi Farms, forcing them to move to VanwaTech; later, the Kiwi Farms suffers a data breach.[4][5]
Post-1776 Hosting era (2022–present)
22 October 2022: Amid the ongoing turmoil with the Kiwi Farms, the CWCki leaves 1776 Hosting after four years and moves to a new host, allowing it to return online after two months offline.[6]
Forum
Main article: CWCki Forums
Originally, the CWCki had a forum called the CWCki Forums, which was frequented by many of the wiki regulars and other people interested of all things Christorical.
Previously hosted on Yuku, the forum was hosted on Forumer until 8 November 2012 when it was deleted off Forumer's servers. It had several relief forums until it had a permanent forum.
With Chris's content drying up and other lolcows becoming popular, the CWCki Forums eventually reformed and rebranded into the Kiwi Farms. However, discussion of Chris continues there to date, and a subforum dedicated to Chris exists as part of the 'Lolcow Cults' section.
Chris's opinion
“
With that, I respectfully ask the webmaster of the Unapproved and Detested CWCki to remove ALL PAGES Classified under their "Christian Weston Chandler's Web Of Life" and "Sweethearts, heartsweets and gal-pals" Categories. I give him until Midnight of Friday March 12, 2010, Eastern Standard Time, for the Webmaster of that CWCki to Remove ALL OF THOSE PAGES, or there will be trouble upon that Person directly from Me.
”
Chris, after discovering the CWCki, 02:03, 11 March 2010 (CET).
The CWCki, like everything else on the Internet that criticizes him or depicts him unfavorably, is something that Chris hates. In the quote above Chris displays large amounts of his ego, and as usual issues a death threat. Unfortunately for Chris, his demands did not go through. There are two reasons for this. First, his past track record with serious threats suggests that he lacks the energy to put his ideas into action. Secondly, CWCkians are well aware of the solid legal standing of the website and will not cave to idle threats from autistic manchildren.
In the wee hours of 14 March 2010, Chris updated his blog, taking credit for the alteration of The Wallflower's page and demanding that the rest of the pages mentioned earlier follow suit on or before 31 March or there would be trouble. He IS armed. However, in true Chris fashion, midnight of 31 March passed with Chris doing absolutely jack shit. As if anyone was surprised.
On 2 April 2010, he tried to fulfill his threat, by making 3 minor edits under the name of GodofThunderGodofWar, obviously forgetting that CWCki editors are not entirely unaware of Chris's recent favorites in video game field. His edits were reverted immediately and his user and user talk pages were bombarded with negative comments. The edits so far were mostly done to glorify him, and are not exactly the kind of hard-hitting bombastic protest CWCkians were expecting based on Chris's previous assault on ED. It appears that this profoundly lame attack of his had bigger impact on him, because in 19 April 2010, he set up an article in CWCipedia to list his revised truths.
“
Because the Trolls and ALL such Pig-Headed, Closed-Minded Idiots REFUSE to let me TELL them the Truth on THEIR websites with My Own Past Edits they have Undone, HERE is Where I Correct Some to Most of Their Pages filled with Half-Truths, Exaggerations and Lies.
”
Chris, glorious edit-warrior, having just suffered an epic defeat in the hands of an unjust wiki administration.
Chris's only response to the CWCki in this form was the article he made for the CWCipedia named Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts. In it, Chris supposedly "set the record straight" about all the women in his life listed on the CWCki who we had supposedly gotten our facts wrong about, telling us what actually happened, (because we all know that Chris is far less biased than the CWCki when it comes to the subject of his own life). Naturally, he listed several women on there who were actually confirmed trolls working for the people who run this very site, thus proving that Chris's "truths" and "corrections" were really lies and mistakes all along.
Chris would later come back to the CWCki under the name JenkinsJinkies, a poor disguise that fooled no-one, but one which the administrators played along with for a laugh. After a few more minor edits, Chris eventually left the site again, as the administrators had fooled him into thinking he had been noticed by the higher-ups and let into the secret inner circle of the trolling cabal. This is what eventually led to the PS3 destruction videos.
Following the October 2011 Michael Snyder Bash-smash-ween, Chris showed up as Christianchandler to upload photographs of Snyder and The GAMe PLACe, and to accuse Snyder of being fat, child-molesting and "slender" (bolding and sarcasm quotes his).
As evidenced by a Facebook post of his, Chris seems to have come to understand that the CWCki exists purely to document information that is gathered about him, and plays no direct role in the trolling he experiences. He seems to have diverted his hatred to 4chan and 888chan, for reasons that remain unclear. He most likely is also thankful that his Scrapbook of Fail has survived in digital form after the fire. That was, until January 2015, when Chris posted a long tirade on Facebook, criticizing people who "haze" him on ED and the CWCki. Chris also stated on Facebook in December 2016 that while the CWCki spreads the popularity of Sonichu, it apparently still defaces him in mal-mannered ways.
Since 2017, Chris has taken a less harsh stance on the CWCki. In multiple instances on social media, he has used several CWCki articles as references, including the Son-chu, Manchester High, and the The End Games articles. However, in a tweet from June 2019, he demanded that the "Sonichu.com" domain name be changed to "CWCki.com" so he could use it for his own website.
“
AND, I’ve even tried looking on the Cwcki for the Tweet sets as well; They do not have them on there, or they are very difficult to find. [...] WHY was all of this NOT on the Freaking CWCKI?!!!!!!!!!
”
Chris on using the CWCki for research on his script for the Goochland Library Sermon.[7]
References by Chris
Wallflower E-mails 3 - Chris is made aware of the CWCki's existence by his gal pal who discovered the site and assumed it was created by Chris.
Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts (CWCipedia page) - After seeing how well the CWCki documented all of his past relationships with women, Chris created this page to share his side of the story.
JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication.MOV - JenkinsJinkies pledges allegiance to Clyde Cash and the CWCki.
Jackie Chat 1 - Chris gives Jackie specific examples of how he thinks the CWCki "slanders" him.
Jackie E-mails 24 - Chris laments to Jackie about trolls stalking him due to the CWCki's "PSNTracker" template, and expresses his desire for the CWCki to be "GONE, DELETED, WIPED OFF from the face of the Internet and the World FOREVER, never to be revived, recreated or reuploaded again ever" as his Christmas wish.
LittleBigPlanet - In February 2011, Chris posted a quote on his LittleBigPlanet profile and demanded that it be added to the CWCki's front page.[8]
Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia - In July 2011, Chris warn his gal-pals against the danger of CWCki and internet bullies
Calling Out - In August 2011, Chris demands two trolls to remove their contributions or suffer the consequences.
Victory Rockout - Chris states (read: yells incoherently) that the CWCki is a "damn lie" and to never trust it. Apparently, if you wish to ask questions, ask him personally and he will answer with honesty.
Facebook, 28 April 2012 - in which Chris discovered the CWCki forum (link to it is admittedly hard to find on the main page, as you actually need to scroll down) and launched a dastardly misinformation campaign of epic proportions. And it totally worked, according to Chris anyway!
October 2013 Facebook Posts - Along with many other things, Chris blames Megan for the creation of the CWCki.
January 2014 Facebook Posts - Mentions the CWCki along with 4chan.
June 2014 - Chris tries to sell his Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing‎ on eBay. He also told everyone to spend money on it instead of donating to the CWCki.
January 2015 Facebook posts - Chris gets mad at the CWCki and ED for "hazing" him.
December 2016 Facebook posts - After carefully considering the matter, Chris concludes that the CWCki should be taken down.
March 2017 Facebook Posts - Read the article on Son-Chu, then set the record straight on his inspiration for it. He also posted a screenshot of the article to Facebook.
Live Game Stream - C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt - Mentioned how The Classic is a Ralph Lauren shirt and tells viewers to put "that into your Cwcki".
May 2018 social media posts - In response to a user who told him to calm down, warning him that otherwise "CWCiki is going to have a field day with this one", Chris wrote back "YOUR MOM IS GOING TO HAVE A FIELD DAY WITH YOUR LIMP DICK!"
June 2019 social media posts - In his tweet searching for forgiveness after his high school graduation, Chris digresses into whining how the CWCki owns the Sonichu.com domain and wishes that it remains reserved for him until he relaunches his website. Also included is a screenshot from the Manchester High article.
The Place chats (December 2019) - Replying to a user who commented that the CWCki has a list of dimensions Chris believes in, albeit being sparse in details, Chris replied, "Eye Twitching".
January 2020 social media posts - Chris tweeted a screenshot of The End Games article while ranting about their lack of "inclusivity".
June 2020 social media posts - Chris, while roleplaying as Sonichu, mentions the CWCki in a rant about the trolls.
The Place chats (October 2020) - Chris refers to the CWCki for researching his script for the Goochland Library Sermon but is disappointed to find that some of his tweet sets on the Merge were either missing or difficult to find.
June 2021 social media posts - Chris tells the 'Christorians' that they're free to chronicle a bizarre series of tweets where he roleplays as his pre-name change self.
July 2021 social media posts - Chris tells the CWCki to update on the lyrics to Christian and the Hedgehog Boys Theme as they do not match his intended lines.
Reading Chaos Crystal Control Act 4 - Chris tells the "Christorians of the CWCki" to "clean up the language on that website," as he had "already made things clear in that statement video." He was likely referring to the front page calling him a "motherfucker".
Telling It To All of You, and the Hasbro Executives and Staff - In his 18 March 2024 video, Chris reads his Equestria Daily community soapbox post from the Equestria Daily CWCki page, since the Equestria Daily website scrubbed it.
September 2024 social media posts - Chris demands the "Freaking CWCki" update to say that CWCville's Pokémon professor isn't Cole Smithey but rather Professor Pine (although Chris claimed in April 2019 otherwise).[9]
Cwclight - In September 2024, Chris announced a new website venture. The CWCki is mentioned in it; a partial quote reads: "Personally, I applaud the website on archiving all that of me, and on the other hand, I feel really disappointed of it, due to the bunch of innacurate details and NSFW and hate speak spewed throughout in places."[10]
November 2024 social media posts - While reflecting on the toxic elements of his True and Loyal Fanbase, Chris said, "while I take my blame for having said too much in clearing away the Encyclopedia Dramatica page or even the freaking CWCki, that shit with Walsh and whatnot, a share of the blame does reside within specific individuals that are/were among all of you."
December 2024 social media posts - Chris criticized the CWCki's summary of his Light Powered Cwclight Reviews for Bumba Lumba.
Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough - When a donor asked Chris if he ever reads the CWCki, Chris replied with "Only the updates, once in a while. Just to see if y'all actually spotted me out in public."
In a Bluesky post in November 2025, Chris told the CWCki to update the year he started speaking again from 7 to 5 years old.
See also
JenkinsJinkies
List of Chris's edits to the CWCki
CWCipedia
CWCki Forums
References
↑ FAQ, questions frequently asked of me.#CWCKI
↑ March 2025 livestreams#Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20161004184738/http://blog.areyouahuman.com/goodbye_playthru/
↑ https://www.dailydot.com/debug/kiwi-farms-back-online-vanwatech
↑ https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/09/kiwi-farms-has-been-breached-assume-passwords-and-emails-have-been-leaked
↑ http://cwcki.club/index.php?threads/random-thoughts-and-questions.48/page-55#post-110445
↑ The Place chats (October 2020)#Praetor Arrives, Chris Writes his Sermon, More Bible Discussion
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20140702052200/http://lbp.me/v/w4vcbs
↑ April 2019 social media posts#CWCVille's Pokemon Professor
↑ FAQ, questions frequently asked of me.#CWCKI
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=CWCki&oldid=353767"