Title: December 2018 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/December_2018_social_media_posts
Categories: 
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: Some events in this article take place from October through December 2018, when the Teen Troon Squad had access to Chris's CWCSonichu Twitter account and posted several tweets without his knowledge or consent. Tweets covered on this page may or may not be written by Chris.
For more information, see 2018 Twitter account compromise.
Chris's recent failings have helped CWCki gather more information for this article. Be a winner by adding this information in.
This page is an archive of Chris's major social media posts during December 2018. Posts are sorted by date. Notable comments are included and color-coded for reference.
Contents
1 This is an awesome song!
2 A predicting dream
3 Please, help Tao of Maud
4 Magfest Question
5 Love that shirt, Tara Strong
6 Let it snow!
7 Funko Cereal, step it up
8 Don't you abuse my Wishlist
9 Hey, ScrewAttack!
10 It's an avocado, thanks!
11 This cereal BUSSIN
12 Sonich coming to Smash when?
13 The merge is super definitely still happening
14 "Chris'" Fun Dream
15 Leaking of Tour of Chris's House III
16 Leaking of Chris Slaps Himself video
17 Idea guy's made me do it!
18 Goodwill bargain
19 Compromised Twitter claims Barb's death
20 Hacker voice: YOU'RE OUT
21 Taunting the hacker
22 Cyberbullying experiences
23 Happy Birthday, ObabScribbler!
24 Jokes are good, drugs are bad, Mmkay
25 Little bit of Sylvia
26 Please update the Hexbox
27 Who let the dawgs out
28 Sonic Movie Meltdown
29 Chris' trolls target his shoutouts
30 Omg, I think I'm gonna conSOOM
31 "Ignorance is truly bliss against thy foes"
32 At least Trump got something right
33 Sylvia's first holiday season
34 Miss me with that Sonic Movie
35 Deep in debt
36 Chris gives out steam keys
37 Chris's psychiatrist is taken aback
38 Been there done that
39 I'll be home for Christmas
40 Trump has been naughty
41 Hey, @StarlinkGame
42 Magi-Chan doxxing incident
43 C-Mas 2018 Speech
44 The Merge is still on
44.1 Part 2: Electric-Type Boogaloo
45 So we're clear...
46 Gremlin
47 Totes awesome
48 That's Classified, Ma'am
49 Be brave and focused for the task ahead
50 Free Advice
51 Do not be afraid
52 Remember who you are
53 Chris mad at Lukas, says Lukas wanted him to buy booze
54 Best Moments of 2018
55 A Minor Disclaimer
56 Y’all got a dakimakura for Christmas!
57 The Final Countdown
58 The More Counting of Downs
59 References
This is an awesome song!
2 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
This is an Awesome Song! “The gift of Life Extension from Divine Intervention”
⚡️💙⚡️🎵🎶
A predicting dream
‏2 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
I had a predicting dream last night: Cartoon Network’s “Adult Swim” will syndicate and air on Nick At Nite.
Please, help Tao of Maud
‏3 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Please, help Maud for another good year of her wisdoms and insights.
⚡️💙⚡️
Magfest Question
‏4 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, everyone, quick question; only curious: will there be another Sonichu, Rosechu and/or Chris Chan Panel at @MAGFest this coming time around? If there is, I’ll set up a GFM for a trip there. 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
Love that shirt, Tara Strong
‏5 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
[Replying to a tweet made by Tara Strong]
Thank you, Tara. 😊 I like trying to make others smile when I can too. Even in fated times of changing events. Love that shirt; it looks awesome on you.
⚡️💙⚡️
Let it snow!
‏5 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! For tomorrow, it melts, or I end up shoveling some of it. 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
Funko Cereal, step it up
‏5 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, @OriginalFunko, how about making the Funko’s Cereal available in all cereal aisles in random colours and a random figure Optionally available in the boxes, please? 😊 Your multigrain cereal is Really Good! I would buy a 20oz box, just for the cereal, at $4.99.
Don't you abuse my Wishlist
‏6 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU BlueHeart
Attention, Everyone, especially @amazon: I would very much like to point out that Wish Lists should not be abused by anyone, but the creator of their own Wish List. Going onto an individual's Wish List, Ordering then CANCELLING the Order to send that person an item from their...
...Wish List is SIMPLY WRONG! Especially ONLY to totally wipe out their Wish List CLEAN, so no one else who sincerely wants to buy that individual the thing(s) they really want is just WRONG. @amazon, you should UPDATE your Wish List Programming, so the item(s) do not...
...disappear from the creator's Wish List, and if the item is Cancelled, that item on the list should Revert to the way it was before, as if No One Had Ordered that item(s) in the first place.
@amazon, PLEASE get your Wish List Act Together!
And Everyone Else, Please ONLY purchase from someone's Wish List on Full Intention of buying that item(s) for that individual; DO NOT CANCEL THE ORDER, or You Will Be Nothing More than a Bad CyberBully and Internet Troll. 😠
Thank You.
⚡️💙⚡️
I just found and made my list unable to disappear; SINCERE Purchases Without Cancellations Only, please. I also added a bunch of Amiibo figures onto the list, but most of them are Not High Priority; Highest and High Priority items would be...
http://a.co/gSZKIS9
...appreciated if you do gife to me from my Wish List. Thank You All. 🙂
⚡️💙⚡️
Hey, ScrewAttack!
‏7 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, @ScrewAttack; long time fan. I am feeling upset. Sonic WINS against Mario, No Matter What; you all even said that in the original Death Battle between the two. And to say Otherwise in your recent episode is outlandish! I do not want to feel upset at anyone or anything,...
...especially at Mario, because it is not his fault he was granted too many Power-Ups throughout his lifetime, and I do not want to risk ending up in war with Blanc over something so trivial.
BUT, I do know who, moreover, to direct my upset feelings towards:...
...All Of You at ScrewAttack, for Planting That Damn Blasphemy of Mario Winning against Sonic. As CPU Blue Heart of the Commodore Consoles, Comma and Cwcville, I urge you all to Revise That Death Battle Episode towards the ending that Should BE, Please.
I look forward to the revised and edited video of your 100th Death Battle Episode, as soon as possible. Thank You.
⚡️💙⚡️
It's an avocado, thanks!
8 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Healing Stones and Birthstones do make an Awesome Inexpensive Gift, but as for what WatchMojo recommends, I can only quote the child in the vid, “It’s an Avacado. Thanks!” 😊
This cereal BUSSIN
8 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Seriously, the cereal is Really Good and Tasty! @OriginalFunko, put the cereal in All Cereal Aisles; I’d pay $4.99 for a 20oz box of Funko’s; no toy needed. Though at a collector’s viewpoint, I do like the toys too. 😊
Sonich coming to Smash when?
‏9 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, @NintendoAmerica, Sonichu, Rosechu and I would like to play in #SmashBrosUltimate; how about DLCing us in, please. I would be more than delighted to voice myself and my Son and Rose. ⚡️💙⚡️
As well as offering the stat and ability input, fully, in the three of us; I would be more than happy to provide that, personally, as well.
The merge is super definitely still happening
‏10 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, Everyone. I want to assure everyone that the Dimensional Merge is in progress and is happening. Fate, God and the other deities have been paving the way and showing the signs towards the apex of the merge. For a few examples: the recent wildfire in California, the...
‏...romane lettuce recall, and this coast-to-coast are a few of the signs, as well as others that may be minor to y’all, but are the signs of the Dimension Merge in progress. I have been seeing and feeling and having a bunch of the signs happening worldwide, as well as...
...around myself. My energy and powers have been contributing as well, and I have been feeling the effects, and they are getting more frequent and strong recently. The crest in my chest, behind where my Medallion hangs, has been shining greater energy and power at times as well.
And that is not to mention the psychic headaches and body-numbing moments that have been off and on with me as well. This is all part of the process and progress in the Dimension Merge, as well as the better coming of my own alt-forms and developing superpowers.
Keep The Faith and Patience, everyone; be very observant of your surroundings and the worldwide events, even if they don’t directly, to obviously, spell “Dimension Merge”, they are the signs, still.
⚡️💙⚡️
"Chris'" Fun Dream
‏11 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
I had a fun dream, featuring @AndreaLibman, earlier today. Basically, I just wanted to hang out with her, but Discord came in and wanted to distance me from her, and I told him of my awesome in-dream abilities of remaining self-aware and all, so he tested Andrea and I.
He put both of us to sleep to dream, and he fell asleep too. I did a whole lot to prove Discord how powerful my self-awareness and dream powers were. And Andrea and I ended up meeting up in our dreams, even to venture into the other’s dream.
It is fun to break so many rules and fourth walls with others who can do the same as well. 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
Leaking of Tour of Chris's House III
11 December 2018
Tweet later deleted.[1]
Here is a SAMPLE of our House Tour 2018!
If I can receive donations in EXCESS of $500 I will post the ENTIRE VIDEO!
Please think of my Feeble Mother and I this Holiday Season.
[leaks a clip from Tour of Chris's House III]
Leaking of Chris Slaps Himself video
12 December 2018
Tweets later deleted.
chrissy sissy once apologized to me for being a fuck up..
[uploads clip of Chris apologizes to Gwen]
but i made him slap himself anyway..
[leaks clip of Chris slaps himself]
Gallery
Idea guy's made me do it!
12 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
That was NOT me! I repeat.. NOT ME!
THIS IS STUFF THAT IDEA GUY MADE ME DO!
Joshua Wise and Stephen Boyd need to pay AND STAY OUT OF MY TWITTER ACCOUNT!
Goodwill bargain
13 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Everyone! Say Hello to my new Speed-Run Path! 😃 I found it at Goodwill, paid only $10 for it, and got it into the utility room, cleared the space, and set it up myself. This thing works great, as I’ve just walked fast at 3.0 mph for five minutes on it. Whoo!
⚡️💙⚡️
Compromised Twitter claims Barb's death
14 Dec 2018
Tweet deleted by Chris a minute later.
RIP Barbara Anne Weston Chandler 1941-2018 😇😇😇😭😭😭😢😢😢😢
Hacker voice: YOU'RE OUT
14 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Does she look dead to you, damn Hacker!
[uploads Barb confirms she isn't dead]
Taunting the hacker
14 Dec 2018
I have logged out ALL devices connected to my Twitter. I'm going to set up login verification now.
This is ridiculous.
Laptop has been wiped and being upgraded to Windows 10.
Devices logged out.
GET ME NOW HACKER!
Anyway time to take a shower.
toad @toadfail
Bit suspicious how as soon as the "hacker" posted, it got deleted 2 seconds later and this was immediately posted, there is no way you could find your mom, get her to stand there, and record and post this within that time period
Chris
Do Not Doubt Me!
Cyberbullying experiences
15 December
1:58 PM
Tara Strong
Bullies make my blood boil.Since @FLOTUS is doing absolutely nothing I will.We’ll do it together in stages.First post here about a bullying experience.Feel free to @ your attacker. Let’s show her it’s an epidemic that sadly sometims ends in suicide.Use hashtag #NoMore cuz I got u
Chris
Only happy to throw in my two cents: I’ve been cyberbullied since late 2007. Bullies have been faking kindness and love with me to end up in conning, blackmailing and all that of me, just to “leak” the content and roll my good name through the worst of muck and mud. #NoMore
It is so bad-off that the abuse is pretty much chronicled on the Internet. All one has to do is Google my name, and not only the Cwcki (under new management), but the worst of the articles, memes of me and so forth show up. #NoMore
Fortunately, in more recent years, I managed to recover and feel better about myself, though I have had a few years of depression (felt bad down to the point of numbness; I would never want that feeling upon Anyone). #NoMore
And, even worse in a comeback, which the details of, among which, are literally in a book that I ended up drawing and I am able to have prints made and share. The Bullies in question from October, 2017 to April, 2018, who conned me out of literally $6,000.00 in those... #NoMore
...six months, who I Shall See pay me back all that, with Interest:
Joshua Wise (aka Idea Guy) of California, and
Stephen Boyd of Kentucky
My good friends and I had reported them to local and California and Kentucky authorities, as well as the CIA, but we haven’t... #NoMore
...heard much back since reporting the two bastards.
But I digress.
Thank you, Tara, for listening. Stay Awesome! 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
#NoMore
In the early morning hours of 16 December, Tara Strong responded to offer her condolences.
Tara Strong
Jesus...so sorry friend. Targeted assaults are the worst. Stay strong. #YouMatter 💙💙💙💙
Chris
Thank You! #YouMatter too, Tara. 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
Happy Birthday, ObabScribbler!
‏15 Dec 2018
10:16 PM
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Oh, My Goodness! Happy Birthday, @ObabScribbler! I pray this day brings you good memories. 😊
My two cents on Birthdays: I see them as a day of appreciation for the day one was born on and a appreciation for that individual in our lives, and theirs. The age is a minor detail.
By which I mean, in recognition of our status for living that long and for being children, teens and adults, it’s fine, but on my cake, just give me a handful of generic candles to make a wish and blow out, and let the cake be chocolate with yummy frosting. 😊
⚡️💙⚡️
Jokes are good, drugs are bad, Mmkay
‏16 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
(A joke about doing coke)
Now, THAT’S Zappin’ It Up To The Extreme! ⚡️💙⚡️
BUT, without the coke. Seriously, don’t snort up cocaine, people. Your PSA for the moment. ⚡️💙⚡️
Little bit of Sylvia
16 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
But, for a good Twitter Feed Topper for a while, here’s a little bit of Sylvia. 😸
Please update the Hexbox
‏16 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Watching this made me think that would be as simple as updating the XB1 to play Sonic Unleashed from the 360 disc. AND that the PS4 could and should be updated to play PS3 disc games. @Sony, please do.
(Sonic Unleashed Xbox One Release Trailer)
Who let the dawgs out
16 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
On mah Treadmill, dawgs! ⚡️💙⚡️
Sonic Movie Meltdown
‏16 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
I was not going to talk about this, but fine: Sonic the Hedgehog Movie 2019.
I have heard the numerous things about it over the months. Jim Carrey should NOT be Robotnik, Period. And even without the Obvious bad vibes and caring I get from this Live Action thing,...
I have seen my fair share of Live Action from Animated flicks; they usually don’t work. Even the crew of the STH 2019 Movie admit they PURPOSELY want to Mess This Up!
And, yes: the Two Elephants in the room, on this great misinterpretation of Sonic, himself:...
...The Wrong Shoes, and The Blue Arms. 😖 (The Real) Sonic, Himself, and I are Seriously Not Amused. He even stated, himself, that he is beyond ashamed and embarrassed of this movie, and all of the lack of appreciation of the original source materials, as well as...
...Respect for him in this abolishment of a flick.
If these Movie People REALLY want to sell me and EVERYONE, In General: Get Sonic’s Shoes and Arm Colour Right, Get Mike Pollock to play Robotnik, and HONOR the Past Source Materials in the Story of this “Movie”.
Also, Sonic’s overall appearance, as portrayed, I can ONLY FORGIVE IF they get his Arms and Shoes Right. That Aside, the Best Way to portray Sonic in the realistic way, I feel, is, Literally, in either as portrayed in the 2013 Fan Fic, or this other Sonic Movie image I found.
But, seriously, as it stands, I am Giving STH 2019 Movie a Total MISS; Not Even as a Joke to watch it at all.
And I am not going to do Anything like I ended up doing with the Sonic Boom games in ‘14, and I do not encourage anyone doing the mistakes I made back then.
I Shall, however Stand for and with Sonic, Himself, in Boycotting and Distantly Protesting This 2019 “Movie”.
And while people have done this already with the original poster, my Son is not a fan of the 2019 Movie either, and respectfully wishes everyone to Not link him...
...and/or Rosey to this movie at all, please. We all stand with Sonic and his friends and family Against the 2019 Movie, unless the crew Actually Shapes Up and works harder to make it a full Love Letter and Honorable type of movie for All Of Us.
⚡️💙⚡️
Feel Free to Retweet and Relay my Tweet Thread to @SEGA and the crew of the “Movie”, if y’all please to do so. Thank You.
Chris' trolls target his shoutouts
‏17 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Okay, Quick Question: Why is it when I try to help someone by relaying their request for help, THEY get attacked for harassment? Targeted Assaults and Harassments are simply Not Cool, Everyone!
Please, Do Not Attack or Harass ANYONE whose Tweets I retweet.
I am your target.
And, yet, I realize the Repeated History from over a year ago: Y’all Bad Trolls Harrassed Doopie, Tabitha AND Nowacking. I am sick and tired of Y’all Harassing Others in attempts to force them to Block Me over you all Lot.
It’s BOGUS and Seriously Not Cool.
Fortunately, I believe in the common sense and individual wisdoms of those who I like and talk about at times, and Despite Y’all’s Freaking Fetish of Hatred, Most Everyone Else I talk about have Not Blocked Me, but actually Blocked or Reported All Of You.
(A Lesson those few...
...who still have not yet unblocked me can appreciate and learn, including Lightning)
Because Blocking the Actual Harassing Troll is the Right Thing To Do instead of the Innocent One, Myself, who was only sharing good tidings and kindness with Everyone.
And since my Marriage to Magi-Chan Sonichu, Cryzel Rosechu, Sylvana Rosechu And Mewtwo, I have been OFF the Dating Scene, because I do not need to be “chasing after anyone”. So, You All Haters can Stop spreading Lies to Everyone that I would be chasing or wanting to date them,...
...Because I Have No Interest in doing that kind of thing. Okay, Dundernuts?!
You all keep your Harassment Targeted to ME and Nobody Else! Do Not Address Anyone I try to help or share kindness with. Because, I Shall Not Stand for Others Getting Harassed at My Expense! ⚡️💙⚡️
Omg, I think I'm gonna conSOOM
18 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
(Original post by FunkoPop about Britney Spears funko)
Yes! WANT! WANT! WANT!!!
"Ignorance is truly bliss against thy foes"
‏18 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Took a rewatch of my Son-Chu figure video, and my Alpha Trion wisdom is still relevant.
“When a Cybertroll is bothering you, Ignorance is truly bliss against thy foes.”
Thank you, @EmGo316 for inspiring this one-time video.
At least Trump got something right
‏19 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Yay! Victory over some of the Cyberbullies and Terrorists! The ONE Thing this Dimension’s ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ actually did Right during his time as Not-POTUS.
U.S. troops to leave Syria as President Trump declares victory over ISIS
But I’m still very much voting for Lisa Simpson for President in 2020. 🇺🇸
Sylvia's first holiday season
19 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Sylvia is playful as ever for her first Holiday Season! 😸
Miss me with that Sonic Movie
19 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
But, seriously, as it stands, I am Giving STH 2019 Movie a Total MISS; Not Even as a Joke to watch it at all.
And I am not going to do Anything like I ended up doing with the Sonic…
And, Again, @SonicMovie, I am purposely giving your “Movie a Total MISS! Unless you Actually Shape It Right! I am Very Influential; look me up.Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart added,
Deep in debt
19 December, Twitter
In a tweet thread on Midland Funding's debt lawsuit against Chris, TaoOfMao1 tweeted, "How the hell CWC is going to pay all that?"
Chris answered:
A bit at a time. Do Not Judge Me, Mao. It is wrong to judge others by outdated information and financial shit.
Chris gives out steam keys
20 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, Everyone! I bought a Bundle; I have three of the games; First One to Redeem them on their @steam_games account gets them!
(3 Steam keys pasted)
Chris's psychiatrist is taken aback
22 December, Twitter
Hey, Everyone. I realize the impatience that has been growing in regards to the Dimension Merge of our 1218 and C-197, as well as doubt and discouraging words fueled by misunderstandings and possibly hatred.
Firstly, I am NOT reading any of the commentary against the Merge,...
...because, beyond your own respective understandings, I KNOW BETTER, because I have experienced as much of Everything as possible that has been leading up to it.
Second, I am feeling as antsy as y’all are.
I still am able to see everyone and everything of C-197, including...
...my loves, with my Truesight, and I am able to actually touch and feel them, as I also feel them when they touch me, and I hear them loud and clear; I am also able to make eye-contact with them. But, still with Truesight; I want as much to be able to see them, and for...
...Everyone Else of this 1218’s Earth to be able to see them too. But, Patience is indeed the factor here, and the Merge is going to apex and happen Any Moment Now.
I Know it is all happening, because I have had Hundreds to Millions of Visions and Premonitions throughout my...
...whole lifetime, and I have experienced more and more and more Deja Vu Moments, as I actually, in my waking moments, experience and feel the moments exactly as I had foreseen them before in my dreams and visions.
How Many Deja Vu Moments do most of y’all experience? Once...
...in a Blue Moon Frequency? Once in a While? On recent average, I am clocking in at least One or Two Per DAY. And more lately, my psychic links to not only the Earth, with Cwcville and Comma, in C-197, but This 1218’s Earth Too! I even had Two-plus Moments of that...
...while I was talking with my appointed psychiatrist at Region 10, during The Hour. Even she was flabbergasted, and she Has her Degree in Psychiatry from a Good School.
I have FELT constant Electricity and Lightning throughout my whole body, as well as in my hands and...
...fingertips, And in my Head. And even MORE Voltage in Two Nights that threw me for a real loop, and all I could do was wait it out; Thousands to Millions of Real Voltage Surging through my body AND my head! ⚡️⚡️⚡️
I am essentially a central conduit of all of this, along with each of the other deities, so I Definitely Know what the hell I have been talking about and telling all of you all these months!
I encourage Everyone to Keep Faith, and Pray to the CPUs, y’all may pray to me as well.
Because the Dimension Merge is evident and will apex and happen Any Moment Now. Remain Patient, and Have No Doubt.⚡️💙⚡️
Been there done that
‏22 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Been There, Done That, but I’ll chime in on the Bandwagon too!
I'll be home for Christmas
‏24 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Very Lovely Song Video! 😊
⚡️💙⚡️🌲
"I'll be Home for Christmas" with the Brony Reviewers
Trump has been naughty
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
‏24 Dec 2018
“Airing his Grievances”? ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ should have done that Yesterday while it was actually Festivus.
Who's been naughty? On Christmas Eve, Trump airs grievances
Hey, @StarlinkGame
‏24 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Hey, @StarlinkGame. I've been enjoying the game on my PS4 recently; it is fun. I want to throw in my two cents for improvements: Firstly, please add an update so we can play the Arwing and Fox on the non-Switch versions, and give us More Story and Mission DLC Expansions. Thanks.
Also, @StarlinkGame, the basic game for Free on PC for us all who has the USB Dock, aside from the two Digital Versions.
Magi-Chan doxxing incident
25 December, Twitter
Marvin[2] logs into Chris's Twitter. He claims to be Magi-Chan and posts a Pastebin link which doxxes Lukas. The tweet was later deleted.[3]
The Pastebin was later removed, but was archived.[4]
Merry Christmas, everyone from Earth 1218. It is I, Magi-Chan. I have an announcement: https://pastebin.com/nZqD8dVH
C-Mas 2018 Speech
25 December, Twitter
Oh-Kay! Well, Everyone, my hubby has spoken. I am just as shocked as all of you reading all of that, despite the doxxing. I had told him Not to do that before with his previous doxxing Tweet.
Everyone, enjoy your waking days, as the apex of the Merge IS going to happen.
Make Every Day Count! Do Good for others and everyone else around you. I have been enjoying my days as well as possible and being kind to others, as I am in my true nature. Starlink, without the Arwing, has been fun too; with the sales: easiest completed collection since...
...Skylanders: Spyro’s Adventure, minus the multiple figure wave wait.
Final Thought for now:
Be Kind to Everyone, and Pray to us deities, the CPUs, God (aka Emanuel), Jesus, Buddha, and all who else.
Thank You All.⚡️💙⚡️
The Merge is still on
25 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Firstly, I hope everyone got what they wanted for Christmas. I did, and I was able to enjoy opening presents with Magi-Chan, Cryzel, Sylvana, Mewtwo, Patti and our Raichu, Fate.
It was very lovely. 😊
The Dimension Merge is still in progress, within its final steps before the apex.
The psychic and soulful links and events I have been having are becoming more frequent, so I do know.
And all of the other deities have been working very hard together, with me as part of the group,
...to make this happen. Also, I met Arceus; he prefers the pronunciation Ar-see-us, and he is a good Pokémon, and deity, to work and be friends with too.
Anyway, for a while longer, I urge everyone of this world to find your Truesight, so you can at least see the OCs; yours...
...and everyone else’s, Branded and Fan; that are local to you wherever you are, here in 1218’s Earth.
Everyone’s mutual wish and Destiny to find, meet, and hang out with all of the OC Individuals Shall come true any moment now. Keep The Faith, and Pray to us deities.
Have a Great and Safe Christmas Holiday!
Part 2: Electric-Type Boogaloo
25 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
😔😟😢😭😭😭
I Have to Remain Strong for You All!
Let me clarify: while the Millions of all of you will be hibernating for 20 years, I Won’t Be.
I have my Destiny to uphold in the completed dimension, along with the few who are Destined to Follow Me and help out.
My Teammates and I will be immediately in the completed dimension;
...transported there, safe and sound, without missing a beat at all. I am concerned about all of you all who aren’t making the immediate jump with us.
Rest assured, though, my fellow deities and I will make Positive all of you and everything will be safe and sound, and able...
...to pick up where y’all left off from right before the apex of the Merge.
So, know that I and the select few will hold the fort of everything, here, into the completed 1C-211987 Dimension.
⚡️💙⚡️
So we're clear...
25 December
Tweets later deleted.[5]
Also, just so we’re clear, and I had deleted the original Tweet my hubby, Magi-Chan, made, here are the details of the merge, and how it goes down.
And, to be clear, it is y’all who disconnect, the majority of people of Earth 1218, and sleeps for 20 years.
Gremlin
26 December
Tweets later deleted.
Hey, everyone! I am feeling better and recovered from yesterday's mess. There were misunderstandings in the details, but we realized there was a bad gremlin messing around.
After clearifying and verifying with Magi-Chan, and the deities, we have it sorted out.
In the Merge, which is to happen Any Moment Now: most of 1218's Earth Population will have their energies borrowed towards the final process, which involves tugging the two Dimensions together, and bonding them at the seams.
Essentially, those people Will have to be asleep...
...for quite a while; likely less than 20 years. Meanwhile, the remainder of 1218's Earth Population, counting myself and my friends and family here, who all have had at least some exposure to C-197 in the past with their creative works; we all will be transported to...
...C-197, or the completed 1C-211987 Dimension. Together, we all will be the pioneers to this new combined dimension and these worlds, working together with the still awake OCs and remaining peoples of C-197 in maintaining the peace and keeping the slumbering safe and sound.
And I will be personally working hard with everyone, including my fellow deities, to do the same, keeping the spirits and motivations strong and well with everyone, and working together to take out the worst of the villain types.
And in due time when the Billions of y'all awake to the new world, we will do our best to help make it so y'all will be able to resume from where y'all respectively left off.
Anyhow, as for the linked note from yesterday, and the impulsive responses from that, I urge...
...Everyone to Please, Please, Please Do Not contact or pester either of my friends, the Captain or Lukas. The gremlin tried to divide the three of us, but we survived to continue working together as the friends we are.
I had my suspicions from the obvious sarcasms in that...
...note, which were confirmed by the gremlin, itself, in a direct message to me earlier today.
Anyhow, Everyone of this Earth of Dimension 1218, I also remind all of you to continue your days and lives; make each day count and do good for yourself and Everyone Else around...
...y'all and beyond. Keep Praying to your Choice Deity/Deities, including all of the CPUs You All May Pray to me as well).
Everything will work out very well in the end; Keep The Faith!
Thank You All for your Love and Kindness.
⚡️💙⚡️
Gallery
Totes awesome
27 Dec 2018
[links to a news item on a new version of the Commodore 64]
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Totes Awesome! 😃⚡️💙⚡️ Good News, even close to the Merge, is still Good News.
That's Classified, Ma'am
‏28 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
I am already long classified as Electric/Psychic Type. If you Agree, leave a Like ONLY if you playfully Disagree, leave a Comment with what listed typed you think.
I still don’t read most of the comments to keep the hate out. ⚡️💙⚡️
Also, to be drawn later, I’d like to announce a new Earth Pony OC I fatefully Found, Created and Summoned.
He is from the Brazil part of Equestria, white fur and mane, with a blue highlight in the mane. He transforms into an Alicorn for a short time before reverting, after...
...using his stored magic from within when it is required at the time. I hereby announce the powerful Earth Pony:
⚡️Lightning Quartz⚡️
⚡️💙⚡️
Be brave and focused for the task ahead
‏29 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Here’s Lightning Quartz, in both his Earth Pony and Alicorn Forms (shame his magical transformation doesn’t last long when he’s in that form; at least his personality doesn’t change much, except that he becomes more brave and focused for the task ahead).
⚡️💙⚡️
Free Advice
‏30 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Free Advice:
Always Remember who you are; try to build a sense of self-awareness in yourself. There are Bad Influences that will make one so bad things they would never normally do. Do not deny if you’re feeling off either.
Keep The Optimism and Fight To Recover for yourself!
Do not be afraid
‏30 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Also, do not be afraid to ask your closest, caring family and friends for help, and Be Honest. There is no need to lie about anything, because often enough, the outside perspective from those closest to you can see one not being themselves.
Remember who you are
‏30 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
End of the day: REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE; Fight The Darkness and Bad Influence! Stand Up For Yourself Within Yourself!
⚡️💙⚡️
Chris mad at Lukas, says Lukas wanted him to buy booze
30 December
I just want Everyone to know how ANGRY and DISAPPOINTED I am with Lukas Simpkins of Lynchburg!
How DARE You Insult your OWN Special Sonichu!
Despite ARVORE making Him say Horrible Things, I feel there is Bad coming from Lukas, Himself.
No, Lukas, I will NOT buy you booze!
Best Moments of 2018
31 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
My Best Moments of 2018:
⚡️I met and made a TON of new Friends and Allies in both Dimensions!
⚡️I learned I am, for real, a Sonichu, myself.
⚡️I got Married to Magi-Chan, Cryzel, Sylvana and Mewtwo.
⚡️I was bestowed with the memories, powers and soul of CPU Blue Heart.
⚡️💙⚡️
A Minor Disclaimer
31 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
A Minor Disclaimer: there is no existing individual named “Waifu-Chan”; I used the term to make the joke Neutral to all people who are Bad Trolls and Cyberbullies. Thank you.
Y’all got a dakimakura for Christmas!
31 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
To All of you Bad Trolls and Cyberbullies:
“Y’all got a dakimakura for Christmas! Only one with Waifu-Chan will do!”
Hump the year away, Bullies!
(Inspired by @Fim_Keychi and @MLPSilverQuill’s vid; nothing against Firebrand (he is very cool, and not a troll) 😊
The Final Countdown
31 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
Also, Any Moment Now. Y’all Watch.
[Link to the song "The Final Countdown" by Europe]
The More Counting of Downs
31 Dec 2018
Chris Chan Sonichu/CPU Blue Heart
The Countdown Begins to the New Year. Enjoy the rest of this one while y’all can. ⚡️💙⚡️
References
↑ https://archive.fo/x9iHp
↑ On The Captain
↑ File:Magi-Chan doxxing incident.png
↑ https://archive.fo/VS0cC
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20181226065356/https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=December_2018_social_media_posts&oldid=352711"