Title: Discord Q&A 9
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Discord_Q%26A_9
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Lainchu Saga
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
“
If you were meet- to meet today's youth, what would be a piece of advice that you would give to them?
Well I'd say among which: stay open-minded, stay creative, keep common sense... don't rush into things so easily, try to think before you act... and f- but- and t- and try to process as quickly as you can in your brain.
”
Chris, giving typical hypocritical advice.
The questions asked by Lainchu this time around.
On 26 October 2020, after over a month of hiatus, Chris (as Sonichu) resumed the ongoing Q&A with Discord Q&A 9. Deviating from the normal method of answering questions, Chris this time submitted his answers via audio recording, as a sound test for the Watchmen. This recording was released on the WCT's YouTube channel on 27 October 2020. The opening statement Chris makes implies that this was his second take answering these questions. Throughout the recording, an occasional clinking of metal can be heard, likely from Chris moving around the jewelry he wears.
The questions originally asked by Lainchu are color-coded green, while transcriptions of Chris's answers are color-coded yellow.
Contents
1 The Audio
2 Interview
2.1 Introduction
2.2 Chris's Favorite Commission
2.3 Video of Chris Yelling at a Toilet
2.4 Chris's/Sonichu's Favorite Thing about CWCville
2.5 Chris's Current Use of Spanish
2.6 If Chris Could Meet a Famous Person
2.7 Coolest Thing That Chris Has Done as a Child
2.8 Advice for the Youth of Today
2.9 Strongest Opponent That Sonichu Ever Fought
2.10 Current Whereabouts of DJ Jamsta Sonichu
2.11 Sneak Peek of the Next Comic Pages
2.12 Conclusion
The Audio
CWC Discord Q&A 9 (October 26, 2020)
Click to load content
Stardate
27 October 2020
Saga
Merge Saga Merge Watchmen Watchmen Lainchu Lainchu
Audio Recordings
previous Discord Q&A 4
next Latest
Interview
Introduction
Hello! This is Sonichu talking, through the Audacity app. Giving this a test run. So, to test this out, I'm gonna go over those questions that I had previously answered from Lainchu, but... that audio recording didn't quite go through, so... I'm gonna answer these questions once again.
Chris's Favorite Commission
Christine,
Out of all the commissions you've done so far, which one is your favorite (as in, which are you most proud of/had the most fun doing)?
Alright, so... this one is for Mama Christine, looks like: Of all the commissions you've done so far, which one is your favorite (as in, which are you most proud of... had the most fun doing)?
That would have to be the one where uh... Rosey and I were on a double-date... with that... caveman-type dude and his sweetheart - I forget the exact name- the exact names of those individuals, they don't- they're not coming to mind right now, but, that's among the, uh, that among that which she is most proud of for the- out of the commissions.
Video of Chris Yelling at a Toilet
Over a year ago ago, a video that showed you yelling at a toilet and asking where Crystal went leaked out to the internet. What led to creation of this video, and why was it recorded?
Over a year ago ago, a video that showed you yelling at a toilet and asking where Crystal went leaked out to the internet. What led to creation of this video, and why was it recorded?
You can blame freaking Idea Guy/Joshua Wise for that. Because he had told Mama that we Sonichus did not... we Sonichus and Rosechus did not like using the toilet, treat it like an enemy, which that is not true. We respect and use the toilet when we are civilized, and Rosey and I, among us specials and the rest of us who actually live in the domicile, we respect and are domesticated.
So that was just manipulation of Idea Guy, that was the reasoning behind that.
Chris's/Sonichu's Favorite Thing about CWCville
Dear Christine/sonichu, whats your favorite thing about cwcville?
Dear Christine and Sonichu, what's your favorite thing about CWCville?
I will...Mama's [unintelligible]- favorite thing about CWCville, obviously... well, she really likes the shopping mall. That was among the, uh, the- that was among the best buildings she actually put a whole lotta soul and dedication into and then also later on that got reflected into our main basilicon to CWCville. And that's- and that's opposed to the previously-existing basilicon from Comma which was in West Virginia, in the foreman- in... the former nation of Comma, but that was relocated to CWCville.
And as for me and my favorite, uh, part of CWCville... I mean... out of the aspect, I just like- I like running through the entire city, just having that freedom and ability, just... the streets are usually... cool runnings for me and I just... and I can run on the buildings and everything, so... that's my- that's my big- that's my, one of my favorite thing about CWCville, that I get running freedom on the roads... and the buil- and the skies look great and I love the park, also. The mall's cool, though. Just, throw that in there as a bonus.
But, among- between Mama and I, we both mutually appreciate and love all the individuals and people who live in and commute to and from the city of CWCville as well as the many cities within the nation of CWCville, in Virginia. Alright.
Chris's Current Use of Spanish
Dear Christine, in the past you showed a fondness / conversational ability for Spanish. Do you still use it in your day to day, and if so, have you chosen a new Spanish name for yourself? Before coming out as trans, you referred to yourself occasionally as Ricardo. Is there an equivalent for your current self?
Dear Christine, in the past you showed a fondness / conversational ability for Spanish. Do you still use it in your day to day, and if so, have you chosen a new Spanish name for yourself? Before coming out as trans, you referred to yourself occasionally as [rolls R's] Ricardo! Is there an equivalent for your current self?
Alright, so... the story behind that Ricardo nickname: Mama had to choose a Spanish apellido which that's the Spanish term for nickname, for the classroom. And she had picked that on- with- with respect to Desi Arnaz who played [rolls R's] Ricky Ricardo!
And I'm just having a little fun using Mama's ability to [rolls R's sloppily] roll her R's! Which is [rolls R's] really fascinating!
Heh heh. Not really, but it's fun to do, anyway.
Eh, but yeah, she has not choosed a nick- a new Spanish nickname for herself, and from time to time, we do end up still using the Spanish language on occasion. Even on a recent moment with an old lady who felt a little confused and lost; we... who- who spoke only Spanish. We managed to help her out with our Sp- Spanish tongue, so... there's that.
¡Si fue muy bueño! [Translates literally to: Yes it was very good!]
It should be noted that apellido actually translates to "surname". Chris likely confused the word with apodo.
If Chris Could Meet a Famous Person
Dear Christine, if you could meet one famous person (Dead OR Alive), who would it be and why?
Dear Christine, if you could meet one famous person (dead or alive), who would it be and why?
Well, here's a short list of a long list, because Mama has a looot of past and present celebrities that she would love to meet and hang out with.
Red Skelton! He's a funny comedian! He- he- she really likes him, on that. And Lucille Ball! Another funny comedian! She has lots of respect for her, as well. And, among others, um... well, she would love to meet Betty White. There's also, of course, Britney Spears, Amy Jo Johnson who played the- who originally played the Pink Ranger on the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. Um... Kelsey Grammer. I'm sor- I'm trying to recall from memory right now. [inhales] Brain's trying to fade out on me a little bit. But anyway. Oh yeah, and Pamela Anderson, to name another.
And- unless- but- I think I- but sti- there are more- there are more than that that I can't remember off the top of this noggin right now. And she's... explicitly made, uh, shortlists in talks before, so... there's that that you can also reference, that. I mean, what hasn't been put on the CWCki, within the chroniclings of everything about her that had been uploaded online, on purpose or leaked or whatever.
So there. Eh, next question.
Coolest Thing That Chris Has Done as a Child
Dear Christine, what do you believe was the coolest thing you've done as a child?
Dear Christine, what w- what do you believe was the coolest thing you've done as a child?
Well, that was definitely a long time ago. I guess to say, to pick one... I'd say the coolest thing she ever done was... at only a few weeks old, a few weeks old, she said the word "monkey", as opposed to "mommy". Or even possibly opposed- as opposed to "Magi", as in "Magi-Chan". So, that was a very cool thing. And then, of course, you know after that because of the autism, at one-and-a-half years old she stopped talking, but then she regained her ability to talk at about seven years old... and, that's been a really cool thing.
[mumbles indistinctly] And there's among other things that she... hurt... she can't recall in her memories right now. But, it's there in her subconscious, whatever memories are- there are from chi- from her childhood and whatever else.
Oh... and then I guess another cool thing you could say she's also done was... win that thousand-dollar shopping spree at Kay-Bee Toys, thanks to my senpai, Sonic the Hedgehog and his Watch & Win Sweepstakes, sponsored by [sings] Sega!
Hm. Next question.
Advice for the Youth of Today
If you were to meet today's youth, what would be a piece of advice that you would give to them?
If you were meet- to meet today's youth, what would be a piece of advice that you would give to them?
Well I'd say among which: stay open-minded, stay creative, keep common sense... don't rush into things so easily, try to think before you act... and f- but- and t- and try to process as quickly as you can in your brain.
You can process things really quick, and of course, with your psy- with your minimal psychic senses, you can at least sense us and s- feel us from beyond the Iron Curtain into C-197 and so on, just the same as we all sense y'all from our side of the Curtain into- of- your- of 1218, here.
[blows raspberry] Long day. Eh, next question.
Strongest Opponent That Sonichu Ever Fought
Question for Christine, Who was the strongest opponent Sonichu ever fought?
[inhales] Christine, question for you, who was the strongest opponent Sonichu ever fought?
Heh. I mean, you should be asking me that question directly, I mean shoot. I mean b- I mean opposed to, uh, Graduon and Mary Lee Walsh and... w- and whatever else... that... their... Transformers, before our Auto- before our Samurai Pizza Bots came to town.
Let's see. Of course I've also fought Eggman, I've fought Giovanni, I fought Bowser, freaking Bowser! Super Mario's... rival, uh- ah- bad guy. Yeah. Fought him. And I fought a whole bunch of other systems[?], I've even encountered... a whole bunch of Nazis and their...super...m- mech-type dudes, but that was back in that timeline that came- that became undone but I still have the mental scars and memories from all that.
And then there was also definitely... freaking Rei Ryghts, the corrupted... CPU of the Atari consoles... among- among a whole bunch of other villains. So there- so there's that. Fought a whole bunch of really tough villains. I've even been into other dimensions where I've fought a whole lot tougher villains. I even fought against, like, you know... evil villain versions of like, Superman and Wonder Woman and held my own. So... I mean, I couldn't defeat Superman anyway, but... I held my own! Even against his freak- even against his eye beams and everything.
So, take from that what you will. I go mach speeds! I'm faster than... time. I'm faster than light. Bu- that's my running speed! And I've lifted weights! I got good physical strength. I got a good mentality, Magi-Chan helped me with that. I was a wil- I was a wild animal before that collision... with Sonic in 2003. And the fated Chaotic Rainbow and everything.
Ah, but I go on. Next question.
[incoherent babbling]
Current Whereabouts of DJ Jamsta Sonichu
Christine/Sonichu (whoever wishes to respond), DJ Jamsta Sonichu is a personal favorite of mine. Do you know what he’s up to nowadays?
Christine and Sonichu (whoever wishes to respond), DJ Jamsta Sonichu is a personal favorite of mine. Do you know what he’s up to nowadays?
He's still a DJ at Station KCWC and rocking it- rocking the airwaves. He also does motivational support announcements through the radio and other sp- speakers and whatnot in times of crisis. And of course, he also helps out with Lolisa in- with their abilities. Between their electric attacks and... jammin' influences with their music.
But anyway, he's doing fine- he's doing good and well. He still plays around a little bit, but you know, Lolisa keep- keeps him straight n- in line. So that's all good.
Mm. Alright.
Sneak Peek of the Next Comic Pages
Can we get a sneak peek of the pages of the next comic?
Can we get a sneak peek of the pages of the next comic?
Eh, well, we're still stuck. We still haven't quite finished book 15... and Mama's not back yet. She's the one that does the uh, writing and the drawing of the pages, not me, Sonichu.
[claps]
So... gonna be a while before y'all get new pages, so... I'm sorry. It's not my fault, it's just the way that fated events happened that Mama and I swapped bodies over six months ago, and I still gotta get this body to her at BABSCon earlier this year! Going back in time and preventing this freaking pandemic in your dimension!
Heeeez!
Ah well, aside from that, that's... there you go. Alright.
Conclusion
Thank you all for listening, and this was a test... recording through the Audacity app as well.
Have a good, safe day.
Lainchu Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server • Cwc frens • CWC Questions • Praetor
People: Chris • Lainchu (Naught • Klop • Anaxis) • Imposter Lainchu (The WCT) • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Val • Larry Vaughn • Caden Peck • Bella • Molly the Medium
The Documentation
Lainchu Chroniclings: The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Discord Q&A: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12
Other: Anaxis DMs • Question Depository
The Games
Q&As
Imposter Lainchu:
Other:
CWCki Server Discussion
Chris's Invite into the CWCki Server
Ultra Director Textwall
Anaxis Ban
Guilt Tripping
Masturbation Discussion
"Anaxis bird"
Affirmations List
Lovers Attributes List
"Fuckery Afoot"
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Crystalgate
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Discord_Q%26A_9&oldid=337413"