Title: Discord Q&A 8
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Discord_Q%26A_8
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Lainchu Saga
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
“
[I] was going with a pun from the witness humor he had expressed, and feeling the upset from what had happened that time.
Likely, he was married, but [I] wasn't sure, so [I] went with something from "Ye olde Merry Men" and smooshed the "Merried" term, also implying that he had used to be more merry and positive.
"Senior", since he was that old.
And "Comic" for his comical delivery and word choice in each interaction.
”
Chris's long-awaited explanation for the etymology behind his most infamously-named character.
On the afternoon of 24 September 2020, Chris (as Sonichu) answered another 10 user-submitted questions after over a week of hiatus, for Discord Q&A 8, delivered through Lainchu in DMs. The questions and answers were both originally given in bulk and numbered, but they have been divided with the numbering removed to improve readability. Lainchu's messages are color-coded green, while Chris's are color-coded yellow.
Because one of the questions was directed towards Chris of Dimension 1214, that question was answered first, out of order.
Contents
1 Lyrics of a 1214 Michael Jackson Song
2 Least Favorite Troll
3 Notes on CPU and Merge Lore?
4 Why was Tails not in the Sonichu Comic?
5 Meaning Behind the Name "Merried Seinor Comic"
6 Why is Art Chris's Passion?
7 Chris's Greatest Strength and Greatest Weakness
8 Speaking Up While Chris was Mute as a Child
9 Chris's Greatest Accomplishment
10 Future Plans for the Sonichu Comics
11 Conclusion
Lyrics of a 1214 Michael Jackson Song
The assumed state of Michael Jackson in Dimension 1214.
In the meantime, here are the next questions:
To Christine - Could you give us the lyrics to your favourite Michael Jackson song which was released after his death in this dimension (But where he was still alive in yours)?
You can answer whenever ready. (I believe that question #4 is directed to 1214 Christine)
Here are some of the lyrics from (Alpha Timeline) Michael Jackson’s "Ride or Die": "I'm gettin' older, I don't lie. I do not feel the age. I've got my wisdom, my faith; I'm a sage. Life is a stage, we play our parts, but in my life I stay young at heart. I've been up, down and around. I'm not from this part of town. I've come from the hood of child, their youthful antics are from the wild. It is a miracle to keep that mood, when getting older's got you brood. (Verse): I'm living my life in this later age, I am a bit of a sage, but my youth keeps me wild and alive. Gotta stay young, because it's all Ride or Die."
It is likely that Chris confused the terms "Verse" and "Chorus", as the first, longer segment of the lyrics reads more like a verse, while the second (labeled "Verse") is shorter and seems more akin to a chorus.
Least Favorite Troll
Who was your least favorite troll?
Okay, the other questions:
Mama’s least favourite online Troll: BlueSpike, hands-down.
Notes on CPU and Merge Lore?
Do you keep written notes on the ongoing CPU and Merge lore, or how do you keep track of it all?
The details and ongoing events are continuously noted in this brain’s subconscious and backed up in multiple back-up cloud drives in the Cosmos, between Mama Chris Chan, Magi-Chan Sonichu, and me, Sonichu (Prime).
As well as all of the other collective wisdoms, experiences and insights of every single other self-counterpart in all other dimensions and timelines.
You want a proper chronicling/catalogue of it all, ask Magi-Chan, in person, for the documents files.
Why was Tails not in the Sonichu Comic?
Dear Christine, why didn't Tails make an appearance in the Sonichu comics?
Mama has her choices when it comes to chronicling and her arts, she simply didn’t think or feel it well to bring in Tails in this dimension’s Sonichu books.
Meaning Behind the Name "Merried Seinor Comic"
"Comical delivery and word choice," indeed.
What is the meaning behind the name "Merried Seinor Comic"?
That goes direct to that elderly cyborg guy’s self-counterpart in this dimension who works at the McDonald’s around here.
Mama was going with a pun from the witness humor he had expressed, and feeling the upset from what had happened that time.
Likely, he was married, but she wasn’t sure, so she went with something from “Ye olde Merry Men” and smooshed the “Merried” term, also implying that he had used to be more merry and positive.
“Senior”, since he was that old.
And “Comic” for his comical delivery and word choice in each interaction.
Why is Art Chris's Passion?
Why did you decide that out of all the things, art is your passion? Why do you pour so much time into art?
Because it resonated the most with the core of her soul, and this body (the Sacral Chakra and Heart Crystal).
Plus, Mama really liked the arts.
Chris's Greatest Strength and Greatest Weakness
Question for Christine, what do you consider your greatest strength? What do you consider your greatest weakness?
Strength: Endurance.
Weakness: the Autism, but it has become less of a weakness, and there is literally none of her soul, and this body, that is weaker than the autism.
Speaking Up While Chris was Mute as a Child
Christine, during the time when you were mute as a child, was there ever a time you wished you could’ve spoken up about something?
Off-hand, that was super long ago and could hardly recall.
But after a meditate into recollection, there are a number of things that Mama had wished she could have said between mid-1983 and 1989.
But out of them all, it would definitely be at any time in the 4th Grade, Before the Teacher, the Aides, and the Guidance Counselor pinned her to the floor, because if she had, they would have been more easily able to understand her.
But she didn’t, and everyone got that high level of really frustrated to the point of “Let’s abuse the brat and make ‘em talk”.
*groan and *sigh
That one was a real deep dive to recollect and put together.
Chris's fourth-grade year was 1991-92, well after his muteness had ended.
Chris's Greatest Accomplishment
What would you say is your greatest accomplishment in universe 1218?
In Dimension 1218: getting as far as Mama did to get everyone to understand, appreciate, and listen to her on the true details about herself, from her own words, as well as the existence of all of us OCs who have been literally right next to all of you this whole time.
She’s also proud of me, Sonichu (Prime), having come as great a distance and growth for myself to be where I am, right now: speaking on her behalf and answering your questions with full honesty and knowledge to the fullest of our extent.
Future Plans for the Sonichu Comics
Dear Christine, what are your future plans for the sonichu series?
Plans are still in the works, but the book series, as it is, will never cease; all plot holes will be filled, and all events will be caught up and chronicled as quickly as possible in the faster-than-time speed, personally.
Everyone, you all, and we as well, are literally living the comics in this very moment, as we speak, breathe, continue on, and so forth.
Conclusion
Great, thank you so much! We really appreciate these answers.
Screenshots
Lainchu Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server • Cwc frens • CWC Questions • Praetor
People: Chris • Lainchu (Naught • Klop • Anaxis) • Imposter Lainchu (The WCT) • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Val • Larry Vaughn • Caden Peck • Bella • Molly the Medium
The Documentation
Lainchu Chroniclings: The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Discord Q&A: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12
Other: Anaxis DMs • Question Depository
The Games
Q&As
Imposter Lainchu:
Other:
CWCki Server Discussion
Chris's Invite into the CWCki Server
Ultra Director Textwall
Anaxis Ban
Guilt Tripping
Masturbation Discussion
"Anaxis bird"
Affirmations List
Lovers Attributes List
"Fuckery Afoot"
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Crystalgate
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Discord_Q%26A_8&oldid=333219"