Title: Discord Q&A 11
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Discord_Q%26A_11
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Lainchu Saga
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
“
Chris’ all-around closest friends are Magi-Chan Sonichu and me, Sonichu Prime. We both have known Christine for all these years (moreso Magi-Chan), and we’ve become really close to her, personally, and through Christine Chan.
But in 1218, at the present time, that’s a brainbender, and also a bit of a tearjerker. Yes, Christine has a very good and vast number of real and true friends and allies here over the years, but the thing is that most of them, obviously, have come, gone, moved on with their lives and so on. And on further analysis and recall in this noggin of hers, ironically, not even her High School gal-pals could be considered amongst those who were closest.
”
Chris (roleplaying as Sonichu), depressingly aware of the fact that his best friends are also his imaginary ones.
On the evening of 4 December 2020, after another month of waiting, Chris (as Sonichu) answered another 10 user-submitted questions, for Discord Q&A 11, delivered through Lainchu in DMs. The questions and answers were both originally given in bulk and numbered, but they have been divided with the numbering removed to improve readability. Lainchu's messages are color-coded green, while Chris's are color-coded yellow.
In the conclusion, Chris asks Lainchu not to send any more questions until after January 2021, a request which Lainchu obliges, indicating that the Discord Q&A would likely be on hold for at least a few months. Unsurprisingly, it seems that Chris's excuse for this was the upcoming (for the fourth or fifth time) Dimensional Merge. Chris has not answered any more Q&As since, and given his arrest and upcoming trial on charges of incest, it's unlikely he'll do so any time soon... Though he has been answering questions whenever he gets letters in jail.
Contents
1 Favorite Episode of South Park
2 Art Improvement and Advice to Aspiring Cartoonists
3 If Chris Could Time Travel to Any Point in History
4 If Sonichu Were a Film or Film Series
5 Culture of the Sonichu/Rosechu Species
6 BABSCon Travel Plans
7 Marriage Troubles Between Sonichu and Rosechu?
8 Citizens of C-197 and the Dimensional Merge
9 Who Does the Household Chores?
10 Chris's Closest Friend
11 Conclusion
Favorite Episode of South Park
Let me know what you think. Here are the next questions:
Dear Christine, what's your favorite South Park episode, and why?
Thank you, as always!
Realizing I’ve ended up putting off this set of questions for about a month now, I’ll get to them right now.
Christine’s favourite South Park episode is the Helen Keller Musical episode with Jimmy and his handicapable turkey, Gobbles.
It shows how the disabled can go on to perform feats for themselves, and survive in a bunch of times and cases.
Plus, the silly kids’ song in tune to “Ol’ MacDonald”.
Art Improvement and Advice to Aspiring Cartoonists
Art...
...evolution?
Dear Mama Christine, Do you think that your artwork has gotten better over the years? If you could give the original Sonichu art a rating how would it compare, quantitatively, to the works you produce today? What exact steps have you taken to hone your craft and what advice would you give to aspiring cartoonists of tomorrow?
Christine’s hand-drawing skill has improved over the years very much.
Let’s say the cover of Sonichu book #0 for example: that is a 6 or 7 out of ten, in comparison to the newer version of the cover for book 15 at about a 9 or a 10.
Lots of practice; Experience, deities and your elders, and life are the better teachers; have and keep an open heart and open mind for everyone and all things, including all other possibilities beyond this dimension and timeline into all other reaches of other dimensions, realities, timelines and universes.
If Chris Could Time Travel to Any Point in History
Dear Christine, if you could time travel to any point in history, where would you go?
Probably back to the early 1980s to witness the first Commodore 64 computer prototype being completed, or seeing the very first C64 roll off the assembly line.
If Sonichu Were a Film or Film Series
If there ever was to be a film/film series based on Sonichu are there any directors you'd want to make it and which actors would you want for various characters?
Specific names escape us when it comes to directors, but if I, Sonichu Prime, had to pick, I’d go with the director of the 2020 Sonic the Hedgehog movie for the films, and the director of the original Teen Titans animated series for the TV shows.
Voice actors include Tara Strong for Bubbles Rosechu (using a slightly deeper variation of grown-up Bubbles from PPG).
Saki McGee for Rosey Rosechu (her take during that SNT Vs Sonichu reading live stream was spot-on).
Chris Pratt for Wild Sonichu.
Phil LaMarr (and his Samurai Jack voice) for Magi-Chan Sonichu, and a similar voice but with a higher pitch and fun-loving attitude for Punchy Sonichu.
Kirk Thornton for Blake Sonichu.
Melissa Fahn or Andrea Libman for Angelica Rosechu.
And Christine, herself, would voice me, Naitsirhc, and herself.
Culture of the Sonichu/Rosechu Species
Question for Sonichu: can you tell us a bit about the culture of your species, like what are some sonichu customs, holidays, traditional recipes exclusive to sonichus and rosechus?
We Sonichus and Rosechus don’t have our own special holidays, but those of us who are with a Trainer, civilized or house-broken share the same holidays as the other humans.
In the wild, we are like a consciously-able tribe type of group for the latter.
About half of our combined species or so are vegetarian, but we are able to eat cooked meats as well for survival.
Shoot, Magi-Chan can answer that question better than I could, as I was born a wild Pichu, once upon a time.
BABSCon Travel Plans
Had BABSCon not been cancelled, what was your travel plan to get there? (Transportation, lodging, food, money, luggage etc.)
Well, Chris had planned on renting a car and driving the cross-country road trip to and back, had about a thousand or so bucks in reserve, had a hotel room at the convention’s hotel reserved, minimal luggage and typical eats, adhering to the 6-2-1 rule (six hours of sleep per night, two meals a day, one shower per day).
But it will become uncancelled in the new timeline, so it will happen, anyway.
The 6-2-1 rule is derived from the furry fandom, and is a recommended rule at cons to prevent body odor.
Marriage Troubles Between Sonichu and Rosechu?
Sonichu, have there been any troubles in your marriage with Rosechu? For example, dealing with your kids or something?
The relationship between Rosey and I is one that had been going on from scratch, developed into extensive friendship for well over a year, and eventually after moving into Cwcville after traveling a year after our intro time in Cwcville back in 2003, Rosey and I got married.
There have been some differences and boughts, but most of the time she and I continued to mutually support and listen to each other.
I’ve helped her find and hone in on her electric attacks and Mach-Speed running abilities.
She actually joined in really fighting alongside the rest of us in Cwcville in 2005.
I understand how much that Chris has not chronicled about me, Rosey, and the others, and her mind was fixated on her now outdated sweetheart search and shit.
One of Chris’ flaws include her tunnel vision.
The positive of that is that when she sets her mind on doing something, she makes sure it gets done to the best of her ability.
And yet also apparent was her ADD.
Had she not been hindered by these, she likely would have had better focus on writing more about the rest of us and less about herself, and our Christine Chan in C-197.
But Chris has learned from the error of her ways and vowed to make up for lost time and work better with the rest of us.
At least in Mach-Speed time, as well as within the time-separated subspace of hers, she can take her time writing, drawing and colouring a full book that would take her about less than a month’s time (give or take) to do, but to us in our perspective outside of that, a split second.
Citizens of C-197 and the Dimensional Merge
Do the citizens of C-197 know about the merge? In this dimension you have been telling us all about it, are you doing the same in C-197, are there people who don't believe as there are in 1218?
YES, everyone in C-197 has been well-informed with the help of the lawful good psychic types, superheroes, and deities about the merge in progress.
Yes, for latter.
And less than a handful of the background population in C-197 had disbelief of this dimension’s (1218’s) existence, but they all ended up meeting their fates and soul-merging with their respective counterparts, all amongst the bad and hater type of individuals of this dimension.
Oh, the irony.
Who Does the Household Chores?
Who does most of the chores around the house? Who does the grocery/food shopping, etc?
It’s a half-and-half take on who does the work around here.
Barb is capable, and I’ve done a lot of the legwork and going out around here.
Chris's Closest Friend
Christine, who would you say your closest friend is? Why?
Chris’ all-around closest friends are Magi-Chan Sonichu and me, Sonichu Prime.
We both have known Christine for all these years (moreso Magi-Chan), and we’ve become really close to her, personally, and through Christine Chan.
But in 1218, at the present time, that’s a brainbender, and also a bit of a tearjerker.
Yes, Christine has a very good and vast number of real and true friends and allies here over the years, but the thing is that most of them, obviously, have come, gone, moved on with their lives and so on.
And on further analysis and recall in this noggin of hers, ironically, not even her High School gal-pals could be considered amongst those who were closest.
Top Three closest friends in this dimension to Chris would have to be Sarah Hammer Spicer, Anna McLerran, and Megan Schroeder.
Sarah being Chris’ childhood friend for almost a decade, she did get to know her back in the day, but everyone knows she ended up marrying someone else and moving away from next door of this ol’ Temple.
Anna, trollish as she may have been, she actually came around and was a really true and great friend to and for Chris.
And now, thanks to Null’s dumb and stupid threat against her, Anna’s scared to text and check in with us.
As Chris would tell Null on that, “Tol a sknaht”.
😢
Hang on, I need to retype some of that.
And Megan, in the half-decade or so of her time with Chris, the two of them did end up getting to know each other, and were close enough (do not read further into that; just leave it at that).
Megan can be forgiven for her taking advantage of Chris’ kindness, generosity, and the hormones.
🙄.
And we are very well aware that Megan had never ever have a thing to do with the online haters and bad individuals, nor anyone from Chris’ past.
And Chris has accepted that she was to blame for all of the very stupid impulses and mistakes that ended that friendship (do not bring up that damned drawing that is very much long-gone, done and over with now).
The irony of it all being that the online trolls are right in the fact that the one individual of this dimension who was the closest to and with Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, ever, in this timeline (other than Bob and Barb, obviously) was the one girl that Chris truly could have had a good and true thing with, had Chris kept her hands to herself, maintained personal space, and controlled her freaking, stupid hormones.
On Christine’s behalf, all I, Sonichu Prime, can say is I’m very and truly sorry, Megan Schroeder.
😭
Conclusion
I do not feel it well to bring in any more questions until after January, Lainchu.
Especially considering the timing and the events that are presently in place and about to happen.
This body and I are going to C-197.
Thank you for answering! It is much appreciated by myself and by your followers.
Very well, I will not send more questions for the moment.
I wish you the best, regarding the events going forward!
Screenshots
Lainchu Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server • Cwc frens • CWC Questions • Praetor
People: Chris • Lainchu (Naught • Klop • Anaxis) • Imposter Lainchu (The WCT) • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Val • Larry Vaughn • Caden Peck • Bella • Molly the Medium
The Documentation
Lainchu Chroniclings: The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Discord Q&A: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12
Other: Anaxis DMs • Question Depository
The Games
Q&As
Imposter Lainchu:
Other:
CWCki Server Discussion
Chris's Invite into the CWCki Server
Ultra Director Textwall
Anaxis Ban
Guilt Tripping
Masturbation Discussion
"Anaxis bird"
Affirmations List
Lovers Attributes List
"Fuckery Afoot"
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Crystalgate
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Discord_Q%26A_11&oldid=333223"