Title: Encyclopedia Dramatica
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/ED
Categories: Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Trolling, Websites, ED Saga, Things Chris hates
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
PROTIP:
Don't try to put mentions of edramatica.com on this page. Only use them to replace broken ed.com links.
“
Behold: The Mistake of God!
”
The header on Chris's Encyclopedia Dramatica page.
“
I will see to that website's demise, or my name isn't Christian Weston Chandler.
”
Christine Weston Chandler.[1]
Encyclopedia Dramatica (a.k.a. ED, æ and Ensykapeia Dramakka) is a satirical wiki dedicated to showcasing what its users deem to be everything wrong with the internet, written in a style that demonstrates some of the very things that are wrong with the internet. The site is known for making use of shock value and featuring utterly scathing language used to mock the subjects of its articles.
ED was the home to the Chris-Chan page that introduced Chris to the world at large in 2007, following 4chan and Something Awful's discovery of the lolcow, which made him a popular target for trolling. Upon learning of ED, Chris began campaigning for the removal of the article for smearing his name, and particularly took offense to various pieces of "fan art" depicting Rosechu with a penis. Naturally, this just led to the trolls adding more content to the page as he shared a series of written and recorded rants about the article.
In attempted retaliation for the page, Chris added lots of embarrassing personal information to their article on him, including an infamous drawing depicting a sex act between himself and a real-life friend. Instead of the "information overload" overwhelming the admins into taking the page down, like Chris believed it would, it gave a substantial amount of oxygen to the organized trolling effort while also destroying the aforementioned friendship. The sheer abundance of shenanigans with Chris eventually led to the creation of the CWCki, since the ED page became too long and unwieldy for a single article, which has succeeded ED as the best resource for information on Chris's life.
Contents
1 ED discovers Chris
2 Chris discovers ED
3 Chris-Chan (forum)
4 Later developments
5 Sources
6 See also
7 External links
ED discovers Chris
In late October 2007, Chris drew the attention of the folks in a forum at Something Awful, a comedy website. Shortly thereafter, the people at 4chan also trained their lasers on Chris. Topics of discussion included his Sonichu comic, his website, and his MySpace page. Anna's blog story, "The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer", was also uncovered. The wealth of information and its lulzworthiness prompted the Anon, later identified as Jason Kendrick Howell, to create the original Chris-chan page on Encyclopedia Dramatica, on 3 November 2007. Within two years, it underwent over 5,000 revisions and became arguably the most popular page on the site.[2]
Chris discovers ED
Almost immediately, Chris discovered his ED page, during what he called "the worst weekend of my life".[3] He was horrified by the explicit fan art, which he would later call "Dark Parodic Shit".[4] He was especially enraged by the inclusion of a recent photo of himself, surreptitiously taken at The GAMe PLACe by Mimms and uploaded to 4chan by Lucas.[5] "A hacking terrorist group, Anonymous, and 4Chan are somehow involved in that page as well", he intoned.[3]
Chris's initial response to this character assassination was civil. He uploaded a video on 7 November, addressed to ED, politely requesting that the page be removed because it misinterpreted his noble and innocent person. Within a few days, however, he opted to take efforts to personally delete or edit the page.
After a considerable amount of complaining, Chris posted this gem on the ED talk page:
I AM ADDING THE POSITIVITY THIS HELL-HOLE OF A WEBSITE NEEDS; you just do not appreciate the POSITIVITY I AM ADDING TO THE PAGE. What I am doing is a STAND against OFFENSIVE, UNNATURAL, UNREQUIRED Additions to ANY Female Image. What I am doing is a STAND for EVERY SINGLE WOMAN Everywhere, because NO WOMAN would EVER want such a Horrific Twist of Fate. What I am doing is a STAND against the VERY THING that is NOT FUNNY AT ALL!!!!!!!
So, Draw Breasts, Vaginas, Uterus, Ovaries and the God-Given Eggs within them, you Two-Inch Short Dick-HEADS!!!!!!!!
Sincerely, Christian Weston Chandler, A Man For The Women, For the Women's Rights, For the Women's Justice, For the Women's Peace.
P.S. Grow a BACKBONE and GO ASK WOMEN OUT AS WELL, YOU TROLLS!
Chris then returned, admitting defeat after his failed attempts to take down the ED page:
Months ago, I have found from this page being the first of a number hate against me, Christian Weston Chandler. *sigh* Among the number of you all, my name has been dragged through the mud, my e-mail and MySpace have been hacked for the e-mail information and random information that have been twisted into mockery of my person, my integrity, my honesty, my compassion, my heart, my soul, my being. Not only that, but the names of my two best gal-pals, Megan Schroeder and Anna McLerran, and my Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon, Sonichu and Rosechu, have also been dragged through the mud of mockery along with mine. Not only were my feelings were hurt greatly, but also those of Megan and Anna, and a number of my acquaintances within my small social circle were shocked and terrified that such cruelty, such mockery, such hatred was built from the number of those who have added more and more to this disgrace of a description of my being.
For a while, I was angry and enraged, and I shoved information and drawings regretfully drawn beyond my personal boundries down the throat of the webmasters of the page, in attempt to kill the hype and hatred against me. But No More, I give up on trying to edit the page to be more positive, or to delete the page altogether.
But I have ONE Question, that I put unto you all, the individuals who have taken part in creating this web page, and I would appreciate an Open, Detailed and Honest Answer from each of you in simple e-mails or reply on this discussion page.
Why do you hate me so much?
What did I do against you to cause the hatred against me? What physical or emotional harm have I ensued unto you? Why do you hate me for being myself in this world full of people who can't help but be themselves? I've had nothing against any of you. I don't even know any of you personally, as far as I know. I have nothing that any of you have already, so Why?
I leave you with that to ponder and ponder again over.
Sincerely;
Christian Weston Chandler.
Trying another angle, Chris also encouraged ED to muster as his personal army to go after Joshua Martinez.[6] Obviously, nobody did what he asked. He also tried to create a page on ED for his "CCWC's Fanart of Horrors" (see: troll art), but a sysop immediately caught it and redirected it to an anti-Semitic template.
Chris's meddling with ED was a key reason for the destruction of his relationship with Megan. On 11 November 2007, in an attempt to "shove so much information down their throats and drown them into taking the page down," Chris uploaded five pornographic drawings to his ED page, including the infamous ShecameforCWC.JPG. When Megan found out about the drawing in March 2008 and realized she was a part of it, it was the final straw. Chris made more furious efforts to scrub the images from ED, but to no avail. Of course, Chris blamed ED for all of this.
By late summer 2008, Chris had largely given up on direct involvement with ED. Around the spring of 2009, he may have posted one or two comments on the ED talk page referring to Clyde Cash. The first is below. It was deleted fairly quickly.
I have learned that there was a connection between her and a state in Washington where some of you have been lurking, and that she was not found in any public records. It took me a week to recover from the crestfallen emotions, but I am moving on with my life.
Also, you'll have to catch me IRL ONLY to troll me any further. Do you dare?
Peace-Out, Christian Weston Chandler
--ChrisChanSonichu 22:54, 14 May 2009 (UTC)
There was some dispute over it actually being Chris, until he himself confirmed it in the post that followed:
Hey, CLYDE, you JERK. I said "IN REAL LIFE", not Playstation. Also, why don't you be the man you CLAIM to be and face me yourself? You keep sending out your prawns to do your dirty work, you coward. >:-(
Christian C.
According to Clyde, the above entry was deleted after roughly a minute, probably due to Chris realizing that if he were to ever arrange to meet Clyde, he'd only send his parents anyway.
Chris-Chan (forum)
Your average Chris-chan following EDiot.
Chris-chan was a subforum of the Encyclopedia Dramatica forums (commonly referred to as EDF). It was created such that the talk page for the Chris-chan article could be used for its rightful purpose to discuss improving the article.
Chris indicated in his 13 September 2009 video that he had read the ED forums and had discovered a plan to photoshop images so they looked like they were from a Sonichu game.[7] Chris firmly believed this forum to be the main hub for trolling activity, despite other forums and websites (such as this one at that time) having far more significance.
Later developments
“
I do think it is a little behind cwcwiki [sic] on a few things, though, but that is to be expected.
”
Jason Kendrick Howell on the ED article two years after its creation[8]
Uploaded 12 December 2008, before the new comic, Miyamoto saga, and BlueSpike saga
For several months before the events of the BlueSpike saga in early 2009, many thought that Chris had dried up, that Chris could go no further down the rabbit hole. The FCTC's posting of new pics of Chris's bent duck in December 2008 prompted an ED admin to lock the talk page and demand satisfaction.[9]
Encyclopedia Dramatica’s coverage of Chris and Sonichu became a victim of its own success: despite having many sub-pages to reduce pressure on the main article, ED could not cope with the continued growth of interest in Chris, especially in the aftermath of the FCTC posts. ED also experienced problems with misinformation on Chris, occasionally removing false or exaggerated rumors such as the claim that Chris attempted to molest Patti, or that Ivy was just a blow-up doll.
On 25 January 2009, five days after one of Chris’s biggest revelations, the CWCki came into existence: those interested in Chris’s antics quickly found the CWCki to be more accurate and less biased or exaggerated than ED, with TV Tropes once describing the CWCki to be "more accurate and slightly more SFW" than ED.
April Fool's article.
On April Fools' Day 2009, ED finally bent to Chris's will and removed all his personal information from the site, and replaced the article with an apology. Unsurprisingly, though, Chris's ED page was back up on April 2.
ED’s coverage of Chris continued to get updates until April 2011, when ED relaunched as Oh Internet: an attempt to raise the revenue required to stay online by removing controversial content that would deter advertisers. However, the move also reduced coverage of Chris to a single page, and left out much of the crucial content that defined Chris, such as CWCville.[10]
In October 2013, Oh Internet quietly went offline following internal disputes and divisions over the 2011 relaunch, and work began on rebuilding Encyclopedia Dramatica by scraping articles and images from archived websites: ED then struggled to stay online through numerous domains over the years. As of 2025, ED and their coverage of Chris and Sonichu barely cling on to life, with most of the information long superseded by this very wiki. In a sense, Chris has sort of triumphed over ED by means of outlasting them in terms of overall relevancy, but at a great cost to himself and the people associated with him.
As for Chris himself, the ED page bothered him for years, and presumably still does, but he rarely mentions it anymore. An entire page of Chris's website, established in December 2009, was dedicated to "correcting" the evil ED article with his own True and Honest take on the situation. Naturally, it was all about how Chris isn't remotely responsible for anything he has done wrong, and how it's all the fault of his autism or those DANG DIRTY TROLLS. However, Chris's worsening grasp on reality, and changing priorities on other enemies, caused his rage against ED to decline to a point where he only made occasional references.[11]
Unsurprisingly, Chris has apparently never seriously contemplated the fact that his one-man crusade against ED was probably one of the biggest unforced errors of his life, and certainly one of the most defining. Had he simply ignored the page, he would likely have faded into relative obscurity as people moved on to the next attention-grabbing weird loser, much like what happened with countless other lolcows who have come and gone before and since. Instead, he fed the trolls by touching the poop, drawing more attention to himself and proving that trolling him would be guaranteed to get a reaction out of him. To say nothing about all the ammunition he gave them for free, along with revealing some of his most unsavory traits, which allowed many people to justify trolling him. The ED debacle shows that, at the end of the day, Chris is his own worst enemy.
Sources
↑ Megan emails, 2008
↑ Jason Kendrick Howell interview
↑ 3.0 3.1 Chris emails 2007#November
↑ June 2012 Facebook posts#Dark parodic shit
↑ Mimms and Lucas Q&A
↑ http://web.archive.org/web/20080227084345/http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/index.php?title=Chris-chan&oldid=1997409947
↑ Chris dispels videogame rumors
↑ Jason Kendrick Howell interview
↑ "MINE: What this talkpage is. If you guys continue your faggotry after this protection expires today I will lock it down longer, and then eventually permanently."--Arguecat3, now former ED sysop, 4 December 2008.
"I say we just delete it. Along with the archives"--Zaiger, now former ED sysop, 5 December 2008.
"Fuck this article and it's talk page. Stupid discussions unrelated to upkeep and editing are the only thing keeping this shit interesting. You guys take this shit WAY to srsly. Find another retard to stalk fgts"--Zaiger, now former ED sysop, 10 December 2008.
↑ Chris-chan on Oh Internet
↑ July 2012 Facebook posts#E.D. is back up
See also
Chris-Chan (CWCipedia)
List of Chris's edits to Encyclopedia Dramatica
You know what, I HATE ME TOO!!!
Jason Kendrick Howell interview
4-cent garbage
Chris's sex joke
External links
Chris's page on the "new" "new" "new" "new" "new" “new” ED
Chris's ED account
Oh Internet article (SFW!)
Earliest archived version of the "Chris-chan" page on the Wayback Machine.
Encyclopedia Dramatica Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Jason Kendrick Howell
Vikivil
Evan Christopher George
Kathleen
Daniel Mimms
Anna McLerran
Discovery on the Something Awful Forums
ED Edits
4-cent garbage.com
Evan E-mails
CWC's Second Message
Sonichu and Rosechu's Luv Shack
You know what, I HATE ME TOO!!!
Sonichu Episode 17
Coinciding Sagas: Megan
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Encyclopedia_Dramatica&oldid=354616"