Title: Facebook messages
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Christina_Katherine_Trevillian
Categories: Facebook, Historical Documents
================================================================================

On 31 May 2009, Chris's Facebook account was hacked and found to contain several communications with boyfriend-free girls from the Charlottesville area. This is Chris's TRUE and HONEST correspondence with these women (and occasionally men) from 9–30 January 2008.
“
I've thought of a funny message for a Valentine's Day card. On the outside, "Please Be Mine", and on the inside, "My hormones are slam-banging, and I do not have a woman to put them in."
”
Notable messages include Chris talking with a rambunctious 17-year-old girl who "loves to party" and Chris promising he would not lay a finger on her (until she turned 18, at least), a young man threatening Chris for messaging his lady friend, and a woman who actually accepted Chris's invitation for a coffee but was rejected by Chris when he found out she's a single mother.
Contents
1 Christina Katherine Trevillian
2 Christy Backe
3 Joshua Masonheimer
4 Other
Christina Katherine Trevillian
Hi. :)
January 23 at 1:10am
Hi, Christina. I have read your profile, and I find you quite interesting. You're pretty, honest and smart.
If you'd like, I'd like to meet you for a soda or coffee and get to know you better over a pleasant conversation.
I also hope you will accept my friend request I have submitted earlier.
Please reply if it's all cool. :)
Have a good day.
Peace,
Christian Chandler.
PS
Forgive me for asking, I do not mean to offend, but how old are you?
You didn't list your birthdate or age, you've listed that you're in High School, and I would not want to take advantage of a possible minor.
January 27 at 5:27pm
umm okay well im seventeen and about to be 18 in a few months but yeah i love to party and all that good shit so hit me up
January 27 at 5:59pm
Cool, Christina. While I don't know what it means to "hit me up", I'll assume it means to talk to you more. :)
Please let me know where and when you'd like to meet for the coffee or soda in an e-mail to my address at CWCSonichu@aol.com.
Also, while I will tell you anything you'd like to know between e-mails and person to person conversations, I'd like to get the ball rolling with a few simple Qs you may answer in your first e-mail to me. What's your favorite color? What else do you like to do in your spare time (drawing, writing, etc.)? Do you live with your family? You're in your Junior year in High School, right? Is there anything else other than what you have listed in your profile that fascinates you? You live in the Greene County area, where specifically (Ruckersville, Standardsville, etc.)?
In your first e-mail to me, please use "Hi :) " in the subject, so I'll know it came from you.
I look forward to meeting you in person and learning more about you. And if you need a tutor for a school subject, I can probably help you; I've excelled in math and english subjects; y yo tom'e dos anos de Espa~nol in mi escuela secundaria (and I took two years of Spanish in my High School).
Take care;
Chris Chan.
Another thing while I'm thinkin' about it,
January 27 at 7:03pm
please accept my friend request I've previously sent you.
January 28 at 12:30pm
okay yeah well heres the thing...1st of all im seventeen and ur to old....and 2nd of all u know ur to old for me...and 3rd of all im not into all that chirstian shit but i would still love to be friends with you... and i dont know very many chiristians who like to party, cause im a hard core party girl.! so...
January 28 at 12:43pm
No, nothing like what you may be thinking; I just wanted to be friends with you; I'd wait untill [sic] you were at least 18 before taking it further. Also, I CAN party; I just don't get invited much. There's nothing wrong with simply meeting for a pleasant conversation and soda pop; I promise I would not lay a finger on you.
January 29 at 4:33pm
where do u live cause i aint driving far
January 30 at 12:21am
I live in Ruckersville of Greene County, so I don't live far from you, I'm sure. But I meant like meeting at a McDonalds or Burger King for the soda and conversation; I'll invite you over to my place after a few meetings, and getting to know each other. Believe me, it's a good house with a good daylilly garden my father put together, and I come from a good family.
Please let me know where and when you'd like to meet.
January 30 at 12:23pm
okay well a little fyi im on probation and house arrest and i might get locked up tomorrow for breaking my probation so lets just take it day by day
i mean i dont know u at all and people might talk about me hanging with some older dude who i dont know!
but i DO hang at dq ( dairy queen ) every day after school
so drop by and see if u can find me
halla boy
January 30 at 1:46pm
Goodness. How did you manage that spot of trouble? Anyway, I am cool with taking it day by day; we have plenty of time to learn about each other.
U talking about the Dairy Queen at Forest Lakes, right? I may swing by one day; what time does your school let out?
Also, we can chat over the internet if you have AIM; please let me know if you have AIM (or an AOL account with Instant Messaging) and when you'll be online.
Have you read my profile; you can learn a lot about me from there.
Please don't let the age difference deter our friendship; if it makes you feel better, you may think of me as an exchange student you're getting to know.
Anyway, I'll get the ball rolling on telling you a bit about me. I'm 5'10", nearsighted (so I wear glasses), my favorite color is blue, both of my eyes were blue, but I had pink eye in the right one and had to take eyedrops which changed its color to green. I like to be artistic in drawing or building; I have pages of my electric-hedgehog Pokemon, Sonichu and the cast of characters in his world, as well as a few comic books I've put together of me and Sonichu (BTW, DO NOT FALL for the web pages that talk ill about me; they're just cyber bullies). I play video games often; favorites are Sonic the Hedgehog and Guitar Hero. I've earned Honor Roll throughout my Middle and High Schools, and graduated from H.S. I've already mentioned my CADD degree I've earned from PVCC (I've also made the Dean's List there). I like all kinds of music; my father raised me on the classics, including Jazz. But I've found a good liking towards light rock and Pop (Britney Spears is choice).
Currently, I like watching the programming on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim(tm). I enjoy "Family Guy", "Aqua Teen Hunger Force", "Robot Chicken" and "Lucy, The Daughter of The Devil" is a funny show. I also watch the classics I've grown up with myself sometimes, like Charlie Brown, Transformers, Smurfs and the classic My Little Pony shows to name a few.
I currently live with my mother and father, and we have like five cats. We had a dog, part beagle, part spitz, but she passed away over a year ago; bless her heart. Her name was Patti, she was born on St. Patrick's Day, and she lived to be 18 in human years. She was a sweet dog, but she lives on looking down on me and my family.
Okay, I gtg, so I'll talk to you later (on AIM maybe). You take care now.
Peace;
Chris Chan.
Christy Backe
Hi Christy :)
January 22 at 10:55pm
I hope you've been well. Happy Birthday.
Thank you for sending me the kiss the other day. You're a nice gal. If I may, I'd like to meet you for a soda or coffee and get to know you better through pleasant conversation. Please reply if you'd like that. Have a good day.
Chris Chan
January 23 at 4:54pm
Thanks for the offer. I am a single mom so I dont have alot of time to go out but thats does sound real nice.
January 23 at 8:06pm
Oh. I was looking for a woman without children; I didn't know that you were a mother. I'm sorry.
But you are a good woman, and I'm certain that you've been a good mother too. I'm certain that you will find a good man soon.
Let me ask you, do you know any 18-25-year old single women who might like me? I would appreciate any help I can get in finding the one who would be my Sweetheart, and help me realize my dream of me fathering a pretty daughter named Crystal Weston Chandler.
Thank you for your help.
Take care,
Chris Chan
January 27 at 4:52pm
No I don't know anyone single. If I run across anyone I will let you know. Good luck with your dream. You sound like a nice guy I wish you alot of luck. Im still looking myself but for now I just want to go out and have some fun. Well you take care and you can still hitt me up as a friend. ttyl
Joshua Masonheimer
January 22 at 10:13pm
hey man just to warn you, you need to leave danielle alone. she doesnt like you.
January 22 at 10:20pm
Well, that was uncalled for; my heart was in enough pain without that statement.
January 22 at 10:31pm
Why doesn't Danielle like me?
January 22 at 10:33pm
cause she just doesnt. and you need to back off or all her friends will make you
Other
Hi :)
Between Ashley Nicole Morris and You
January 23 at 7:48pm
Thank you for adding me as a friend.
You're a cute and sweet gal, if I may, I'd like to meet you for a soda or coffee and get to know you better through pleasant conversation. Please reply if you'd like that.
Have a good day.
Chris Chan
Hey, Vanessa
Between Meghana Illendula and You
January 22 at 8:28pm
I hope you and Joshua and Brittany are doing well. It's been a few weeks, and I still feel soooo sorry about that thing I said. I wish I could turn back time and take it back. My heart is recovering very slowly; it's at like 15%. I'm not blaming you; I blame myself. I miss chattin' with you and whatnot. I am depressed and lonesome.
I am trying to move on. I've started going back to hangin' at the Alderman Library, but I don't know if I'll be found by a Girl, Period. The only thing I can do is hope and pray, yet that does not look like enough to get through this modern society. The lonliness hurts the remaining 85% of my heart sadly.
I wish y'all would be my friends again, and as much as I'd like to ask y'all to, I wouldn't want to start anything bad.
Anyway, I've just been a lonesome sap, wallowing in my own filth of shame, killing time trying to make new friends, yet not hearing anything back. And societies' constant lovey-dovey illustrations, while so much better than the violent imaget, taunts me ever so.
But I'm probably killing time away typing this message, but I am typing it because I care about you, Vanessa, as the greatest friend I could ever have that got away. Please come back.
Best of luck to y'all.
Peace;
Christian W. Chandler, a lonely Autistic, heart-shattered sap.
Between You and Mia Helsley
January 22 at 2:05pm
do i know you???
January 22 at 2:25pm
Well, I am not a mind-reader, so I can't tell you how well you know me. But you may read my profile to freshen up on the knowledge.
The main idea is making friends and learning about each other.
I am a good person now, and I'll still be as kind once you get to know me.
Hey, Danielle :)
Between Danielle House and You
Christian Weston Chandler
January 17 at 12:51am
Thank you for accepting me as your friend.
I do not have many true friends outside the internet. If you can find the free time, please feel free to look me up at the Alderman Library on a Tuesday or Thursday afternoon, and we can converse over a coffee or a soda. I look forward to meeting you. Have a good day. :)
Chris Chan
Hi :)
Between Danielle House and You
January 21 at 8:11pm
I hope you've read my profile, because I've read yours. :)
I've also enjoyed Jessica Alba's performance in "Into the Blue" on UMD and Blu-Ray; she was strong when she freed herself from the handcuffs and punched the lights out of the pirates. I've also enjoyed "Good Luck Chuck".
Anyhoo, Danielle, I find you really cute, honest and neat. If I may, I would like to meet you for a soda or coffee and get to know you better through a pleasant conversation.
Please reply soon, and have a good day.
Peace, ♥ :)
Christian Chandler
??
Between You and Lisa Lynn Oktayuren
January 20 at 9:01pm
Do i know u??
Christian Weston Chandler
January 20 at 9:39pm
Well, I am not a mind-reader, so I can't tell you how well you know me. But you may read my profile to freshen up on the knowledge.
The main idea is making friends and learning about each other.
I am a good person now, and I'll still be as kind once you get to know me.
Thank you for your consideration.
Thank you
Between Rachel Davis and You
January 19 at 8:33pm
Thank you, Rachel for calling me cute. I haven't got many complements from the women; I was worried that I was homely, and your generous complement made me feel better.
Thank you again.
Chris Chan
Between You and Joshua Alba
January 9 at 7:30pm
hey man
wuz up???? so wanny stop by and check up on you???
January 10 at 12:28am
That would be good, buddy.
I've sent Vanessa an apologetic e-mail; I hope she's read it; I've put a lot of what was left of my hurt heart into it.
I was honestly confused when I said that dumb and stupid thing.
Anyway, it has been decided unanimously among myself that I would go back to hanging by myself at the Alderman Library on tuesday and thursday afternoons as of Martin Luther King Jr's birthday, next tuesday to resume my enduring and lonesome Sweetheart Search.
I've thought of a funny message for a Valentine's Day card. On the outside, "Please Be Mine", and on the inside, "My hormones are slam-banging, and I do not have a woman to put them in."
I am not a sex freak; I'm just lonesome and sometimes horny.
ttyl
Chris Chan
January 10 at 12:34am
P.S.
If you'd still like the "Girlfriend Brittney" skin for your phone, I still do not have a pic of her.
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Facebook_messages&oldid=197821"