Title: Golden Church of Sonichu
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Golden_Church_of_Sonichu
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Discord servers
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• Transcripts of messages.
Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
Golden Church of Sonichu is a Discord server set up by Praetor, exclusive to customers who bought a golden medallion off of Praetor's OfficialCWCmart page.
Contents
1 February 2021
1.1 Before Chris' First Message
1.2 Transfer to CWCville
1.3 Project List
1.4 Not Yet in CWCville
1.5 Return Body Swap
2 March 2021
2.1 Meditation
2.2 DM Ideas
2.3 Further Meditation
2.4 Petition to Cancel MLP G5
2.5 Affirmations List
2.6 Deep Body Soul Searching
2.6.1 Screenshot Transcript
2.7 Sockness
2.8 Slim Activity
2.9 Chris's Corporeal Form
3 April 2021
3.1 Molly the Medium's event
4 June 2021
4.1 About Unity Between Dimensions
5 July 2021
5.1 Reaction to the Barbara Incident
6 August 2021
6.1 The Details of Chris's Arrest
7 HarperWell's Video
7.1 Video
7.2 Description
7.3 Raw captions
8 Gallery
9 External links
February 2021
Before Chris' First Message
16 February 2021
Praetor
Thank you Wizard
*Wizrd.
SOPER MERIO
Transfer to CWCville
17 February 2021
Chris (as Sonichu)
Hey, I am feeling uncertain, disgruntled, and mildy confused. All I consciously know at the moment is that everything of the dimension merge is continuing on better now, and shortly enough I will be in Cwcville with this body, and during the present time I am to chill and give this body a bunch of self-love. Yet, as I've mensioned to y'all earlier on Instagram, this body and brain are still harping on its failure of a mutual respected/love cuddle or lay in this universe.
My bad for not starting this thread with more positive news.
Thanks for listening.
censored user
So, is Christine's spirit in her body in this world?
21 February 2021
Chris(as Sonichu)
No, Chris is still in my body in universe C-197.
Project List
23 February 2021
Praetor
@everyone
Hey ya'll!
The purpose of this discord, this Church, is to bring about collaboration in order to further the omnipotent grasp of Chris Chan Sonichu and our allies.
That being said, these are the current projects being worked on:
-Christine has fully greenlit [red censored user]'s video game. Please message Chris directly as soon as possible, as Christine would like to provide some direction with the game's storyline.
-The Praetor Flamethrower will be stress-tested this upcoming week at a local firing range sponsoring us. Please standby for future details.
-Christine has approved the future sale of Potions blessed by her. These are to be sold for less than $17 apiece, but a fixed price has not yet been decided. We need help finding cheaply shipped glassware in bulk. As cheap as possible is best, as we are going to be selling 3-4 kinds of potions stocked at at least 12 each. Bottles must be at very least 4oz, at most 16oz.
-Christine's Golden Medallions have already sold out. Expect more members soon.
-Test footage for @Deleted User has been filmed in order to see if she can cgi a Sonichu next to Chris, allowing us to feature a Sonichu in the upcoming Chris Chan Movie. Please complete this as soon as possible, and we will kiss you on the mouth.
-If any ideas, products, or other marketable content comes to mind, please drop it in the main Discord Chat. Thanks again.
Deleted User
Me and my friend can work on cgi, but frame by frame may look more similar and be easier to fix and shape to Sonichus preference
red censored user
Rad. Just messaged her
Not Yet in CWCville
24 February 2021
Chris (as Sonichu)
Hey, y'all.
Just kinda emoting out some; did today's meditate in the gazebo with the gate crystal and all.
It's Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu's birthday; she's still in my body in Cwcville, and I, Sonichu Prime, am still in her body in this universe. I am feeling like, "Why the hell am I not in Cwcville with this body today of all days!?"
Hey, @Praetor, it looks like all of the golden medallions have been sold; awesome job, dude.
red censored user
@CWCSonichu1982 have you ever considered attempting to switch back? Even if its just for one day?
Chris (as Sonichu)
Such a premature return body swap would not only be very bad to this timeline, but it is not in either our control to make the return swap.
Return Body Swap
25 February 2021
Chris
Christine: And yet, the fated return swap happened last night
red censored user
Wonderful! Welcome home Christine!
Will you show the world your adventures in cwcville through new comics? Or is there too much to break down?
Chris
Too much going on right now.
I return from C-197 after ten months and 24 days, and My Little Pony G5 is still not cancelled?!
As having to resync with my own brain and body was not bad enough; this apocalyptic thing is still going on. It's a major pain in the Cosmos as well.
March 2021
Meditation
5 March 2021
Chris
Hello, peoples.
A Christian and a Silver walk into a bar, and they have this very conversation right now.
And then the Goddess behind the counter says, "Tea and biscuits on me."
3 tumbler glass emoji, 1 teapot emoji, and 3 dumpling emoji
I'm feeling well and good right now, about to go into another meditate hour.
DM Ideas
6 March 2021
Chris
Hey, [redacted], DM me what ideas you have so far, and I'll put in my thoughts from there, please.
Further Meditation
10 March 2021
Chris
Greetings, @everyone.
I have been meditating further into myself lately; it was very long overdue on my part.
I am getting my body more back into movements and reconnecting with nature was well.
I also am going to be making my own long-overdue lists of my own faults, as well as counter-affirmations, and then burning the fault list to release that known and self-judgements and self-criticisms of the past into the void of nothingness.
I am also pleased to announce that I have personally found confirmation in other psychic, magic, and creative/artist types, and those the higher level of sensitive feeling and sensing the Dimension Merge, in its apex processes at the present. One such high-level psychic refers to it as a "Collective Shift", and and they have confirmed from consulting with their spirits and other-dimensional individuals of my many, many years of personally participating and working hard interdimensionally and intergalactically.
I feel most humbled and pleased with my work being most recognized and fully appreciated.
The events are continuing on as foreseen and considerably scheduled for this timeline.
For the present parts, on my end, I am focusing more on myself, my loves, and going with the flow.
Tis a very positive and good development indeed. (edited)
@everyone, please feel free to spread this good news as you will with your friends. Also, offer kindest respects to all psychic and magic types; feel encouraged to consult with a psychic to have your remaining questions answered in regards to the Dimension Merge/Collective Shift.
And, of course, support all creative and artist types, even though not all of them are presently linked with universe C-197 in their works.
For now, I bless everyone in this Discord server now and incoming. Be safe and well; have a great day.
lightning, blue heart, lightning emoji
Petition to Cancel MLP G5
12 March 2021
Chris
@everyone, you can all help in securing a bit of safety in one aspect of our merging universes today. (links to a change.org petition to "Cancel/Postpone G5 My Little Pony")
Affirmations List
12 March 2021
Chris
Hey, @everyone, I've just finished my affirmations list, after going through the self-criticisms list; I will likely add more to the affirmations list. As I have foreseen, the positives outweight the blockages. The blockages took up two pages; affirmations Three.
3 attached images containing 3 handwritten pages of Chris's self-affirmations
13 March 2021
Chris
No, it's still in progress.
Deep Body Soul Searching
22 March 2021
Chris
Good morning, @everyone.
I have had a revelation of a find after further deep body-soul searching.
I post these pre-types screen caps that lay it out:
5 attached screenshots of another Discord conversation in a different server, revealing that Chris uses Discord on light mode.
Screenshot Transcript
Screenshot Transcript
-
10:27 AM: You have a good night's sleep?
Chris
10:28AM: More than that. I managed to look even deeper within my body to locate the magic within to bring it out to functionality.
I also found a clue that goes along this thread of events.
By the magic source, a Rainbow Chaos Emerald, was a slip of paper, which read "redrum4891".
Magi-Chan encouraged me to look further into that clue.
Ever heard of Claire Hough?
She was a sweet 14-year old who was visiting San Diego from Rhode Island away back in '84.
-
10:33AM: Interdasting
Chris
She was murdered on the beach, with her boom box by her side.
She listened to such popular tracks, including "I'm All Out of Love" by Air Supply.
I was just now talking with her.(Edited)
Apparently, somehow, by some twist of fate, Sockness got ahold of a piece of her boom box.
-
10:36AM: Good song
Chris
10:37AM: I'm not sure which part, be it the cassette tape from within, a piece broken off of the boom box left behind on the beach, or what.
And I'm still piecing together how my becoming conscious of these details and this curious thought piece is correlating with the present events, but a thing is happening, Bismuth.
Another murdered girl, from here in Virginia, Morgan, swung by as I was talking to Claire.
I am sensing a theme.
Obviously, Sockness' sick rituals, and shit.(edited)
But, also, we're talking about ladies who were feeling lost in their lives at the time, not yet fully finding themselves, fatedly falling into their own respective becoming murdered, and the rippling effects from each of those events.
10:46AM: Chances are someone else may get murdered in the near future; it is likely to be preventable.
Common theme of some young, or young-ish, adult, still finding themselves, on a brink of self-revelation, and then Wham.
Obvious details, including this pandemic having sheltered more than too many, millions of individuals having passed on from this universe at that expense. I remained immortal, both my body and I, regardless of alternate timelines, so we are safe.
And now thing are clearing up on that, and peoples are getting this vaccine.
They are starting mg to get out more again.
Or, otherwise, got a bunch more sheltered-in types out of that.
With social media these days, lots of these sheep-like individuals are taking to sharing their life stories on their walls and threads.
And counting those who are on their own brink of breaking out and finding themselves, if not so already.
Becoming more woke.
Or, otherwise, subconsciously triggered into falling to their own murders.
That can be determined by how conscious they were and what they may have known prior to their respective demises.
Claire had promised her friend she would not leave the house and being reckless; she could have stayed at home that night. But something triggered her into doing so; a fated trigger.
Same with Morgan: she could have stayed in that Metallica concert at the JPJ, but something triggered her to just leave.
And you can definitely speak similar of others as well.
The killer and their motives are irrelevant since they are also on sleep-triggers of their own.
It's the victims to be that should be encouraged to stay and not go out to their fates, if their presence was really destined to remain in this timeline.
Everyone has these clues to see ahead on Social Media these days.
These Can be utilized to prevent the next one from happening.
Yeah, obviously. I'm pre-meditatively laying and spelling all this out, and all this was triggered from deep within.
So, yeah. get sleuthing; keep watch for the signs online and offline within your viewpoints, as will I.
-
11:02AM: ok,
Are their any more obvious commonalities?
Chris
11:04AM: Being a deity, I can't disclose every single detail to those involved to solving and making sure the next one(s) don't get killed, but I can still offer guidance.
To find the deeper details of common threads amongst these murders of past days and years, ask the online sleuths and trolls.
And, as John Kramer constantly said, but not being a murderer, here:
-
11:05AM: So do you think it's a serial killer?
Chris
11:05AM: "I want to play a game."
Possibly
Obviously, I'd like to prevent a very crucial murder from happening.
So, outsource, and check everyone online and offline for those amongst the possible young(ish)-adult type feeling lost, maybe partially Woke, on the verge of greater Enlightenment.
Please, and Thank You.
Sockness
28 March 2021
Praetor
Sockness. The address said San Fran, that's where he is right?
Chris
Unfortunately, that IS Jacob's address.
I should know; he bought the oldest pair of painted Adidas shoes I've about worn out from eBay; logged his address into the contacts for reference.
Slim Activity
30 March 2021
Sloth
Hey! Nice to meet everybody. I'm sloth but my real name is Micah!
Matt
Hi all and Christine, robes sound cool, I've been playing around with just a general rugby top look plus the medallion also you can call me [redacted] or Matt (my actual name) either works for me (edited)
Sloth
Hi Matt! I'd definitely be into robes too. I like the idea of robes with stripes, and maybe the colors of the stripes signify your importance in the church.
Praetor
@everyone As of now activity on this discord may be a bit slim. However, we aim to get ourselves and Christine far more active here! Please toss any ideas you got in the chat, as we're looking to do anything to further the power of the Golden Church.
Matt
I managed to get a similar rl rugby top so I've been rocking it for a bit now I have some sneakers (with multiple colors so blue and yellow are there) so it's a pretty rad look with the medallion.
But yeah I agree with the rugby top colours but I think that incorporating the blue and yellow would be a nice touch
Marie
welcome micah !
Chris's Corporeal Form
31 March 2021
unknown redacted user #1
As a trans humanist I'm am keenly interested in your opinion @CWCSonichu1982 on the effects of a dimensional merge and the releasing of a physical form, as a goddess would you say you would retain a corporeal form? Or would you be a higher being with need for such things?
April 2021
6 April 2021
Chris
My body is light, able to adapt to any other universes' situations on any planet or within outer space. I also have the power and energy of the Chaos Emeralds within me; for that same reason whithin Sonic, Sonichu, and the rest, this is also why they and I can breathe in space.
Anyway
Hey, @everyone. I am pleased to announce to all of you that for each of you,
your respective divine enlightenments and manifested paths to your greater purposes in the Dimension Merge/Collective Shift are at hand. Be greater aware of your local surroundings, as well as an increase in your respective body's abilities and powers. Go forth and do your best as you each will.
unknown redacted user #1
Thanks for the insight, personally I like the idea of light being pure data, basically have an effect on the physical and the digital. I really want to ask more but I dont want to flood chat xD, thanks for your encouraging words Christine!
11 April 2021
unknown redacted user #2
Hell yeah
Been looking forward to some enlightenment
Molly the Medium's event
30 April 2021
Chris posts about a Molly the Medium event. He had also cross-posted to The Place server.
Chris
Hey, @everyone. I am feeling pretty good today. I wish to inform all of you of an event that will be happening tonight at 10:00 pm, EST, that I, and Magi-Chan, will be in attendance and of greatest participation and appreciation. https://www.eventbrite.com/e/virtual-healing-circle -tickets-150196083529?ref=eios
Gallery
June 2021
About Unity Between Dimensions
26 June 2021
Chris
To @everyone, a general announcement with care.
To all of you in my flock, I highly encourage each of you to begin and continue your own individual self-work in enlightenment. For amongst you all, as the Dimension Merge/Collective Shift draws closer upon the main event with the removal of the veil between our universe halves, each of you has your own inner potential and strength. We have no need for war or quarrel at all with the OCs and individuals of C-197, as I state to all of those individuals in regards to us of 1218.
Unity and a greater strength for our combined Earth and galaxies is at hand. Need not take arms, but be open for the good in each other.
All superheroes and deities, myself included, and other individuals of military strengths and powers, and the leaders of each nation and countries; on both halves of this whole Earth, we maintain wisdom and peace for the greater whole as best as we are capable of.
unknown redacted user#1
How would you suggest we achieve greatness in this way
Chris
It is not perfect, but we are most appreciative and grateful for the understanding and compassion of the general public and flocks there of that we each help, work with, and defend, during these times at hand.
Chris
And to you all until my next announcement or insight, I state in positive encouragement to you all: be safe and well with lots of love. Thank you.
Chris
⚡💙⚡
Chris
Among the other techniques available in looking within yourself, and reaching out to the Cosmos to do as well; Meditate, Count your Blessings, and Love yourself.
unknown redacted user#1
Anything to help you in your path to greatness
July 2021
Reaction to the Barbara Incident
30 July 2021
Redacted User #1
Well, today has been quite something, hasn’t it?
Redacted User #2
*redacted* I think we need to hear from Chris herself regarding this, ASAP. Assuming she has yet to be institutionalized.
Redacted User #3
Yea ...
Redacted User #4
Agreed!
I heard social services arrived but that’s only going off trollsome rumors
Redacted User #5
it’s hard to dodge trolls, im really worried about this whole thing, and the trolls are only making it worse
Redacted User #4
Apparently there’s news going around that Chris has been arrested even.
Redacted User #5
jeez…
Redacted User #3
Yes it's official
Chris chan has been detained and could be possibly facing a class 5 felony
Barbara’s at a senior’s emergency center being checked up on currently
And no let the kiwi farms in 3 days is going to give Chris the GoFundMe money
So I’m going to just assume that this is the end of this discord
Redacted User #6
Look i did it for the medallion, if she shows up id be surprised
Redacted User #5
Hmm
August 2021
The Details of Chris's Arrest
1 August 2021
Redacted User #1
You either live long enough to something something or you die early
However the saying goes
Redacted User #2
We have confirmation on what he was arrested for.
Incest
He's definitely going to jail
Redacted User #3
Goodbye, Chris...
Redacted User #4
Damn...
What a sight...
Redacted User #5
source?
Praetor
So umm...
This was all pretty quick
Redacted User #5
hmmm I guess this is the Golden Jailhouse of Sonichu now and the only gold is the piss on the floor
Redacted User #4
yes
HarperWell's Video
On 9 May 2022, YouTube user HarperWell released a video where he chronicled logs from the server.
In the video, Harper showed many screenshots of conversations held in the Discord and reads aloud the most "significant". Harper takes care to censor all "bystanders" and "people not associated with Chris or Praetor".
Video
The Golden Church of Sonichu Discord Server - A Dossier
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
9 May 2022
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
Description
in this video, i go over the golden church of sonichu discord server, that to my understanding, hasn't been brought up in full yet. so i decided to provide everything i could about it for documentation purposes.
thanks for watching and feel free to leave a like and comment or subscribe for more chris chan related content.
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
in early 2021 christian posted this onto
twitter and it was an etsy link of their
first and only line of golden sonichu
medallions
if you purchased it you'd be given
access to an associated golden church of
sonichu discord
server the package came with two things
inside the medallion itself and a
certificate of authenticity the
certificate would have a randomly
generated number with four digits upon
sending the four numbers to chris's
business partner creator via etsy direct
message you would be able to send a
friend request to praetor's discord
account which would then lead you to an
invite to the server a friend and i did
this and this is what i have to show for
it
my name is herperwell and this is the
golden church of sonichu
[Music]
the server began on february 16th of
2021 with the first message from chris
being on the 17th reading hey i'm
feeling uncertain disgruntled and mildly
confused all i consciously know at the
moment is that everything of the
dimension merge is continuing on better
now and surely enough i will be in
quickville with this body and during
this present time i am to chill and give
this body a bunch of self-love yet as
i've mentioned to y'all earlier on
instagram this body and brain are still
harping on its failure of a mutual
respected slash love cuddle or lay in
this universe my bad for not starting
this thread with more positive news
thanks for listening a user responds
with so is christine's spirit in her
body in this world chris responds with
no chris is still in my body in universe
c197
on february 23rd creator pinged everyone
saying
hey y'all the purpose of this discord
this church is to bring about
collaboration in order to further the
omnipotent grasp of christian sonichu
and our allies that being said these are
the only current projects being worked
on christine has fully greenlit blanks
video game please message chris directly
as soon as possible as christine would
like to provide some direction with the
game's storyline the parade or
flamethrower will be stress tested this
upcoming week at a local firing range
sponsoring us please stand by for future
details
christine has approved the future sale
of potions blessed by her these are to
be sold for less than 17 a piece but a
fixed price has not yet been decided we
need help finding cheaply shipped
glassware in bulk as cheap as possible
is best as we are going to be selling
three to four kinds of potions stocked
at least 12 each bottles must be at very
least four ounces at most 16 ounces
pristine's golden medallions have
already sold out expect more members
soon test footage for deleted user has
been filmed in order to see if she can
cgi a sonichu next to chris allowing us
to feature a sonichu in the upcoming
christian movie
please complete this as soon as possible
and we will kiss you on the mouth
if any ideas products or other
marketable content comes to mind please
drop it in the main discord chat thanks
again deleted user responds with
me and my friend can work on cgi but
frame by frame may look more similar and
be easier to fix and shape to sonichu's
preference a user replies with rad just
messenger
on february 24th chris messaged the
server saying
hey y'all just kind of emoting out some
did today's meditate in the casibo with
the gate crystal and all it's christine
wesson chandler sonichu's birthday she's
still in my body in quickbill and i
sonichu prime am still in her body in
this universe i am feeling like why the
hell am i not in quickville with this
body today of all days hey at praetor it
looks like all of the golden medallions
have been sold awesome job dude a user
responds with have you ever considered
attempting to switch back even if it's
just for one day chris responds with
such a premature return body swap would
be not only very bad to this timeline
but it is not in either of our control
to make the return swap the next day
pristine responds with and yet the faded
return swap happened last night another
user responds with wonderful welcome
home christine
will you show the world your adventures
in quickville through new comics or is
there too much to break down first
responds with
too much going on right now i returned
from c197 after 10 months and 24 days
and my little pony g5 is still not
canceled as having to re-sync with my
own brain and body was not bad enough
this apocalyptic thing is still going on
it's a major pain in the cosmos as well
five days later chris sends a message
out to the server saying i've been
meditating further in myself lately it
was very long overdue on my part i'm
getting my body more back into movements
and reconnecting with nature as well
i'm also going to be making my own long
overdue lists of my own faults as well
as counter affirmations and then burning
the fault list to release that known and
self-judgments and self-criticisms of
the past into the void of nothingness
i'm also pleased to announce that i have
personally found confirmation in other
psychic magic and creative slash artist
types and those the higher level of
sensitive feeling and sensing and
experiencing the dimension merge and its
apex processes at the present one such
high-level psychic refers to it as a
collective shift and they have confirmed
from consulting with their spirits and
other dimensional individuals of many
many years of personally participating
and working hard interdimensionally and
intergalactically i feel most humbled
and pleased with my work being most
recognized and fully appreciated the
events are continuing on as foreseen and
considerably scheduled for this timeline
for the present parts on my end i am
focusing more on myself my loves and
going with the flow tis a very positive
and good development indeed and then
chris pings everyone in the server
saying please feel free to spread this
good news as you will with your friends
also offer the kindest respects to all
psychic and magic types feel encouraged
to consult with a psychic to have your
remaining questions answered in regards
to the dimension merge slash collective
shift and of course support all creative
and artist types even though not all of
them are presently linked with the
universe c197 in their works for now i
bless everyone in this server now and
incoming be safe and well have a great
day
two days later on march 12th
raider pings everyone saying hey there
everyone we are now opening the discord
to anyone who has purchased a golden
medallion while all members allowed are
screened beforehand if any leaked
stupid-ass messages occur please let us
know so that we can not resolve this
situation and permanently ban the
offender without explanation if you are
not aware of the golden medallion deal
please visit our etsy store here and
they provide the link thanks again
on the same day chris pings everyone
saying hey everyone i just finished my
affirmations list after going through
the self-criticisms list i will likely
add more to the affirmations list as i
have foreseen the positives outweigh the
blockages the blockages took up two
pages the affirmations three
and i will not be reading all of these
but they will be on screen right now
on march 22nd chris pings everyone
saying good morning everyone i have had
a revelation of a find after further
deep body soul searching i post these
pre-type screen gaps that lay it out
chris proceeds to show discord
screenshots that i will also not be
reading but i will be showing on screen
that detail i dreamed chris had about a
potential murder
[Music]
and after sending these screenshots
chris says obviously i'd like to prevent
a very crucial murder from happening so
outsource and check everyone online and
offline for those amongst the possible
youngish adult types feeling lost may be
partially woke on the verge of greater
enlightenment
please and thank you
on the 25th of march prayer messages the
server saying you won't believe who the
hell ordered a medallion earlier
sockness the address said san fran
that's where he is right that's the
address he put in it could just be a san
fran based troll
chris responds with unfortunately that
is jacob's address
i should know he bought the oldest pair
of painted adidas shoes i've about worn
out from ebay logged his address into
the contacts for reference
on march 31st a transhumanist asked a
question to christine as a transhumanist
i'm keenly interested in your opinion on
the effects of a dimensional merge and
the releasing of a physical form as a
goddess would you say you would retain a
corporeal form or would you be a higher
being with need for such things chris
responds with my body is light able to
adapt to any other universe's situations
on any planet or within outer space i
also have the power and energy of the
chaos emeralds within me for that same
reason within sonic sonichu and the rest
this is also why they and i can breathe
in space anyway chris pings everyone
saying hey everyone i am pleased to
announce to all of you that for each of
you your respective divine
enlightenments and manifested paths to
your greater purposes in the dimension
merge collective shift are at hand
be greater aware of your local
surroundings as well as an increase in
your respective bodies abilities and
powers go forth and do your best as you
each will
the transhumanist responds with thanks
for the insight personally i like the
idea of light being pure data basically
have an effect on the physical and the
digital
i really want to ask more but i don't
want to flood chat xd thanks for your
encouraging words christine
roughly two and a half months later
chris pings everyone with a message
saying to everyone a general
announcement with care
to all of you on my flock i highly
encourage each of you to begin and
continue your own individual self work
and enlightenment for amongst you all
the dimension merge slash collective
shift draws closer upon the main event
with the removal of the veil between our
universe haves each of you has your own
inner potential and strength we have no
need for war or quarrel at all with the
ocs and individuals of c197 as i state
to all those individuals in regard to us
of one two one eight unity and greater
strength for our combined earth and
galaxies is at hand no need to take arms
but be open for the good in each other
all superheroes and deities myself
included and other individuals of
military strength and powers and the
leaders of each nation and countries on
both halves of this whole earth we
maintain wisdom and peace for the
greater whole as best as we are capable
of
a user responds with how would you
suggest we achieve greatness in this way
chris messages the server saying it is
not perfect but we are most appreciative
and grateful for the understanding and
compassion of the general public and
flocks thereof that we each help work
with and defend during these times at
hand and to you all until my next
announcement or insight i state in
positive encouragement to you all be
safe and well with lots of love thank
you christine responds to the user
saying among the other techniques
available in looking within yourself and
reaching out to the cosmos to do as well
meditate count your blessings and love
yourself the user responds with
anything to help you in your path to
greatness
[Music]
a little over a month later rumors of
chris being detained for incest had come
out a day after
those rumors turned out to be true
everyone had come out as not being true
followers
and everyone was shocked and disgusted
rightfully so because it had come out
that chris had engaged in sexual acts
with their mother and to the reaction
and memes of chris getting arrested
this user says
you either live long enough to something
something or you die early however the
saint goes
and pretty shortly after that they were
unsure what to do in the server
so called themselves the fellowship
ever since those unfortunate few days
the users would update each other
regularly on the antics of chris in
prison and as of now that's all the
server is
just a reminder of what chris was and a
small peer into the future of who chris
will become
that was the golden church of sonichu
my name is harperwell
thank you for watching
Gallery
Gallery
External links
A YouTube video of screenshots from the server
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Golden_Church_of_Sonichu&oldid=333677"