Title: Goochland Library Sermon
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Goochland_Library_Sermon
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Crystalgate, Delusions and enablers, Chris-chan videos, 2020, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
“
The video will be worth the wait, as I also went off-script and commented and emoted during the recording from my own soul depths and genuine motives and emotion.
”
Chris[1]
Chris, clearly unaware of his editor's real intent.
Sonichu's Update on the Dimension Merge and Sermon - October, 2020, also known as the Goochland Library Sermon, is a video Chris uploaded to YouTube on 8 November 2020. Sonichu, possessing his "Mama", gives a rambling sermon on the subject of the Dimensional Merge. This was recorded on 17 October 2020,[2]
after Chris finished the script on the 16th, in front of the Praetor team in a meeting room at the Goochland Public Library, and the footage was edited by them as well.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
2 Chris's Handwritten Script
2.1 Transcription
3 See also
4 References
Video
Sonichu's Update on the Dimension Merge and Sermon - October, 2020
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
17 October 2020
Subject Matter
Merge Saga Merge
Performance Style
Reason Reason, Crazy Crazy
Saga
Merge Saga Merge Praetor Praetor Jacob Jacob Idea Guy Idea Guys
Shirt
The Manchild Meltdown The Manchild Meltdown
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Analysis Anarchy Red Vs Blue Part 5 Reaction+
next Sonichu Reaction TF2 Analysis Anarchy Red Vs Blue Part 6
Description
Hey, this is Sonichu, still in Mama Chris Chan's body (for over seven months now on the date of this video's upload).
I go over the additional details since when Mama had completed the last part of her Tweet set on her old Twtter, @CWCSonichu (as opposed to her present account, @CPU_CWCSonichu) in regards of the Dimension Merge.
And I also show my appreciation and self character growth since when Mama and I had swapped bodies in this timeline back on March 31, 2020.
Thanks for the experiences and everything.
Transcript
[A lightning effect appears on a black screen, as qthemusic154, presumably associated with Praetor, attempts a death growl. Titles written in Impact font are included, but cut out halfway through, leaving much of what is being said in the second half of the intro difficult to discern.]
qthemusic154:
LIGHTNING FAST, SPEEDING BY, GONE WITHIN THE BLINK OF AN EYE, CHRIS! IT'S CHRIS CHAN! CHRIS! IT'S CHRIS CHAN!
[Unintelligible growling, followed by three lightning strikes.]
HERE WE GO AGAIN, MOTHERFUCKER!
[The text "A SONICHU FILM" written in Impact font appears in the center of the screen, before the video abruptly cuts to black and then to Chris at a podium.]
Chris: [sigh] Hey everybody! Sonichu here, still in... Mama's body for like... six–for like six months since she and I body swapped... uh, but anyway, so, I wrote my own little speech that talks about updates that happened since when Mama... originally talked about the Dimensional Merge... that's still in progress. She wrote about that nearly two years ago, so...
I recently rewrote, and all that by hand, and I finally got... so I wrote my par–my PIECE, that, is pretty much an update on what happened since, and a little bit from me, so... the emotion and heart and everything is all there, so, let's get down to it. [sigh] So, let's see, hm, [1:07 is unintelligible], right, so anyway, without further ado, let's talk about the communities, and what y'all in 1218 here, can and should do!
[The screen cuts to black between 1:11 and 1:17. The text "What you should do / To prepare for the Dimensional Merge" appears during this time. It cuts back at to Chris at 1:17.]
[1:17] Chris: So, Mama's tweet sets... were shown to everyone in C-197, [Text fades in to the right of Chris that says "Dimension 1218 / Our current Dimension"] as well... when they got typed up... nearly two Octobers ago. Since then, the common-folk around the Earth has been... mind-set on prepwork, all of the local government peoples have consulted with our overpowered psychic types, the Justice League, the Avengers, the CPUs in Gamindustri... the world leaders, and so on, to get the details, make the plans... and kept the larger details coded down for everybody... everybody else's comprehension. And it is actually better for all to... remain calm, patient, alert, and focused, instead of overthinking things, I mean, it's nothing personal, or insulting anybody's intelligence, it's just... easier this way. Now, we gotta keep calm and focused, and all that. Think, think, think! Mama encourages that, and I'm encouraging it as well.
[2:21] Chris: Anyway, so, most of everyone has... prepared their evac kits, taken up survival and outdoor learning from various... books and educational videos, et cetera. And, in each country and city, they have their plans made out and distributed... they distributed pamphlets on those. Even President Herbert Garrison, whose pretty much Donald Trump's self-counterpart, frickin' Trump, hue, hue, hue HUE! [*Chris sighs*] Garrison called the fe–called the prepwork plans in order. Thank deities we do not have your frickin' pandemic in C-197; social distancing orders, GUH! I have my mask and shit, I mean, geez, I can wait to get back to C-197 with this body. [Chris chuckles]
[3:04] Chris: Everyone has been practicing common sense, quickest possible thinking and mental processee (sic) working together in all of this. The next subtopic: our experiences since 2018, which are about the same in 1218, here. Everyone has become able to see through the Iron Curtain; most refrained, but more than a quarter or third have interacted and talked with some of you all, and y'all have seen and talked with us as well.
More and more portals and breaks have been appearing and manifesting around the world and throughout the galaxies of the Iron Curtain between our dimensions, and some have safely and successfully traversed to the other dimension and back.
Everyone who had perished, so far, meeting Mama's estimates, respectively, have safely merged and awakened in their self-counterparts' bodies, brains and consciousness. The tallied numbers of individuals in C-197 who were confirmed of "Waking Up" here to be in the Millions. And in 1218, the number of your "Waking Up" individuals, after soulfully migrating from C-197, were in the hundred-thousands; less than half a million. To be clear, this is of amongst the Common Peoples with mundane types of lives and hardly any life-extending powers and superpowers, and those who lacked in endurance and fortitude. And the honorable mentions to Unavoidable and Twist of Fate.
Also, we have confirmed buildings and objects fully transitioning into the other dimension from the other side Gotham City has seen buildings from 1218 appear on the outskirts around them. Your Statue of Liberty manifested next to ours, and the next day, our S.o.L disintegrated and became lost in the void. Temples in our Saudi Arabia crumbled, and your Temples appeared and replaced them. Our China and Japan buildings have appeared in 1218...shortly after those same structures crushed and fell in 1218. The leftover rubble around them from the former was obvious. And I can go on with the Notre Dame, and all of California that burned in favour of those cities, including Elmore, in 1218 as well. The OG Reshiram was doing a bang-up job, here.
Fortunately, in combination between both dimensions, most everyone got out of the transitioning buildings and survived. The combined number of deaths by becoming stuck in fading-in walls, floors, and so on were only just over ten people. Sadly, their bodies disappeared into the Void in all of that, but they are not forgotten and have been counted.
And the last sub-topic for now: I'll tell you all a few true stories about myself, Sonichu (Prime). Y'all know my origins; born a Pichu on April 20, 1992, evolved, collision with Sonic; became the first ever Sonichu; met Rosey, had adventures and learned/grew a lot as a warrior of Cwcville, and then some.
I often have had dreams and nightmares, spawned from the hate-filled, alt-dimensions Fan-Fics written in this dimensions. Our Magi-Chan, and our Rosey Rosechu, helped me to stay grounded and...calm with meditation and all that. I've also had my times of doubt over Christine Chan, Mama's central self-counterpart in C-197 y'all read about. I had thought one time or another that I could [do] Christine Chan's job better. I was also aware of Mama in 1218. I've never acted against either of them. And then freaking IdeaGuy with [h]is damnable villain-motivated powers put a major pain on our Earth and Equestria in C-197 with his damned Nazis, manipulating the CPUs with Johnson Wiles... And while I was spending time and making good with Mama, IdeaGuy had got into my brain and turned me. It was horrible. And Mama had never stopped being Kind with me, and I was blinded as I threatened her. Then she got tough love with me and brought me back to my senses. And worlds of relief when she finally used her aether to undo all of IdeaGuy's chaos in C-197. I still remember it all, though. But I've toughed it out and recovered of my will, and help from my family, friend, and our Goddess, Mama Chris Chan Sonichu.
Since then, I've continued my duty and worked hard in everything, including all of our prep work for the Merge, and getting Mama, with her one OG body, safely and fully into C-197 from 1218. I've also traversed and visited other planets, dimensions and timelines, with Rosey, by myself, or with Magi-Chan, for additional tech, resources and useful supplies.
And the big moment. Magi-Chan told me as much as possible of the upcoming body-swap between Mama and I; every single foreseen possibility, outcome, and what to do. So I kept my cool and waited throughout February and March of 2020. Come March 31; kra-kow! Zappin' it up to the Extreme! Here I was, and still am; over six months now.
I tell you all, the majority of you can hardly ever comprehend the genuine overpower, abilities, endurance, fortitude, and overall strength and speed this one body and brain has. Soo many visions, dejá vu moments, telepathy, telekinesis, and so on to every power you all can think of in this dimension, and then some. No exaggerations. 1218's restrictions have been tough to work with, but the magic and everything has been and is returning, here, and the powers of this body...and brain have become easier to utilize. This brain is constantly connected with the cosmos and its self-counterparts in all other dimensions and timelines. It also goes off in massive aura/energy glowing, and sometimes mild pangs when something, anything is happening between our two Earths and The Iron Curtain, and then some. This body and brain is literally working, doing, interdimensionally, and Goddessly traversing, tough, rough, and hard Every Single Millisecond.
And I, Sonichu (Prime), have tried and kept on and continuing on until that day in the new Pandemic-Free version of this, the Omega Timeline, at BABSCon, 2020 when I finally return this body to Mama Chris Chan Sonichu. I tell you all, as OP a soul I am, I am unable to do Mama's job as good as only she, our OG Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, of Earths 1218 and C-197, can. This work, her body and brain, her Goddess-Level OverPowers and Abilities; all tailor and custom made only for her.
I never should have ever doubted her, with my most deep apologies for doubting her, and I pledge and repledge my duty, loyalty...and best of myself, my powers and abilities to her now and after when she and I swap back into our original bodies in the new timeline.
I have learned, grown and characteristically grown over this time and humble service to and for her.
All Praise, Prayers, and Power to our Goddess of 1218 and C-197:
Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu!
Chris's Handwritten Script
Chris finished his handwritten script for the sermon on 16 October. He posted the images in The Place and tagged all its members to read, redundantly tagging Praetor and Naught as well.[3]
After the sermon video was published onto Chris's YouTube, The Place member Anaxis posted and transcribed the script images to the CWCki.
Transcription
Page 1
Part 5: Community, Present Events, & Personal Experiences
Hey there, Sonichu (Prime) here (still in Mama Chris Chan's body for over six months now). With Mama's Dimension Merge; refreshed in our memories, let's talk about the communities and what y'all in 1218 can and should do.
Mama's tweet sets were shown to Everyone in C-197 as well when they got typed up two Octobers ago. Since then, the commonfolk around the Earth have been mind-set on prep work. All of the local government peoples consulted with our OP psychic types, The Justice League, the Avengers, the CPU's of Gamindustries, World Leaders, and so on to get the details, make the plans, and kept the larger details coded down for everybody else's comprehension. It's actually better for all to remain calm, patient, alert and focused, instead of overthinking things; nothing personal or insulting meant.
Anyway, most everyone has their evac kits, taken up survival and outdoor learning...
Page 2
...from the various books, educational videos, etcetera. And in each country and city, they have their plans made out and distributed pamphlets on those. Even President Herbert Garrison called the prepwork plans in order. Thank Deities we do not have your pandemic in C-197; freaking "Social Distancing" orders, Trump, and shit.
Everyone has been practicing Common Sense, quick-as-possible Thinking and Mental Processing, and working together in all of this.
Next sub-topic: our experiences since 2018, which are about the same in 1218, here. Everyone has become able to see through the Iron Curtain; most refrained, but more than a quarter or third have interacted and talked with some of you all, and y'all have seen and talked with us as well.
More and more portals and breaks have been appearing and manifesting around the world and throughout the galaxies of the Iron Curtain between our dimensions, and some have safely and successfully traversed to the other dimension and back.
Page 3
Everyone who had perished, so far, meeting Mama's estimates, respectively, have safely merged and awakened in their self-counterparts' bodies, brains and consciousness. The tallied numbers of individuals in C-197 who were confirmed of "Waking Up" here to be in the Millions. And in 1218, the number of your "Waking Up" individuals, after soulfully migrating from C-197, were in the hundred-thousands; less than half a million. To be clear, this is of amongst the Common Peoples with mundane types of lives and hardly any life-extending powers and superpowers, and those who lacked in endurance and fortitude. And the honorable mentions to Unavoidable and Twist of Fate.
Also, we have confirmed buildings and objects fully transitioning into the other dimension from the other side Gotham City has seen buildings from 1218 appear on the outskirts around them. Your Statue of Liberty manifested next to ours, and the next day, our S.o.L disintegrated and became lost in the void. Temples in our Saudi Arabia crumbled, and your Temples appeared and replaced them. Our China and Japan buildings have appeared in 1218...
Page 4
...shortly after those same structures crushed and fell in 1218. The leftover rubble around them from the former was obvious. And I can go on with the Notre Dame, and all of California that burned in favour of those cities, including Elmore, in 1218 as well. The OG Reshiram was doing a bang-up job, here.
Fortunately, in combination between both dimensions, most everyone got out of the transitioning buildings and survived. The combined number of deaths by becoming stuck in fading-in walls, floors, and so on were only just over ten people. Sadly, their bodies disappeared into the Void in all of that, but they are not forgotten and have been counted.
And the last sub-topic for now: I'll tell you all a few true stories about myself, Sonichu (Prime). Y'all know my origins; born a Pichu on April 20, 1992, evolved, collision with Sonic; became the first ever Sonichu; met Rosey, had adventures and learned/grew a lot as a warrior of Cwcville, and then some.
I often have had dreams and nightmares, spawned from the hate-filled, alt-dimensions Fan-Fics written in this dimensions. Our Magi-Chan, and our Rosey Rosechu, helped me to stay grounded and...
Page 5
...calm with meditation and all that. I've also had my times of doubt over Christine Chan, Mama's central self-counterpart in C-197 y'all read about. I had thought one time or another that I could [do] Christine Chan's job better. I was also aware of Mama in 1218. I've never acted against either of them. And then freaking IdeaGuy with [h]is damnable villain-motivated powers put a major pain on our Earth and Equestria in C-197 with his damned Nazis, manipulating the CPUs with Johnson Wiles... And while I was spending time and making good with Mama, IdeaGuy had got into my brain and turned me. It was horrible. And Mama had never stopped being Kind with me, and I was blinded as I threatened her. Then she got tough love with me and brought me back to my senses. And worlds of relief when she finally used her aether to undo all of IdeaGuy's chaos in C-197. I still remember it all, though. But I've toughed it out and recovered of my will, and help from my family, friend, and our Goddess, Mama Chris Chan Sonichu.
Page 6
Since then, I've continued my duty and worked hard in everything, including all of our prep work for the Merge, and getting Mama, with her one OG body, safely and fully into C-197 from 1218. I've also traversed and visited other planets, dimensions and timelines, with Rosey, by myself, or with Magi-Chan, for additional tech, resources and useful supplies.
And the big moment. Magi-Chan told me as much as possible of the upcoming body-swap between Mama and I; every single foreseen possibility, outcome, and what to do. So I kept my cool and waited throughout February and March of 2020. Come March 31; kra-kow! Zappin' it up to the Extreme! Here I was, and still am; over six months now.
I tell you all, the majority of you can hardly ever comprehend the genuine overpower, abilities, endurance, fortitude, and overall strength and speed this one body and brain has. Soo many visions, dejá vu moments, telepathy, telekinesis, and so on to every power you all can think of in this dimension, and then some. No exaggerations. 1218's restrictions have been tough to work with, but the magic and everything has been and is returning, here, and the powers of this body...
Page 7
...and brain have become easier to utilize. This brain is constantly connected with the cosmos and its self-counterparts in all other dimensions and timelines. It also goes off in massive aura/energy glowing, and sometimes mild pangs when something, anything is happening between our two Earths and The Iron Curtain, and then some. This body and brain is literally working, doing, interdimensionally, and Goddessly traversing, tough, rough, and hard Every Single Millisecond.
And I, Sonichu (Prime), have tried and kept on and continuing on until that day in the new Pandemic-Free version of this, the Omega Timeline, at BABSCon, 2020 when I finally return this body to Mama Chris Chan Sonichu. I tell you all, as OP a soul I am, I am unable to do Mama's job as good as only she, our OG Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, of Earths 1218 and C-197, can. This work, her body and brain, her Goddess-Level OverPowers and Abilities; all tailor and custom made only for her.
I never should have ever doubted her, with my most deep apologies for doubting her, and I pledge and repledge my duty, loyalty,...
Page 8
...and best of myself, my powers and abilities to her now and after when she and I swap back into our original bodies in the new timeline.
I have learned, grown and characteristically grown over this time and humble service to and for her.
All Praise, Prayers, and Power to our Goddess of 1218 and C-197:
Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu! [cursive; dots on the "i"'s are hearts, lightning bolts above the "n" and "c" in "Sonichu"]
October 16, 2020
SONICHU. [large, erratic writing; dot on the "i" is a lightning bolt]
See also
Chris Kisses Rosechu
References
↑ The Journey to the Merge#We Did It
↑ The Journey to the Merge#We Did It; Chris states on the 23rd the footage was recorded "last weekend" and Goochland Library is closed on Sundays
↑ The Place chats (October 2020)#Sermon Script
Crystalgate Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Praetor
People: Chris • The Toxic Trio (Naught • MKRNightVee • Kyle) • Praetor Members (Caden Peck • Annabel Ikenberry • Owen Sundstrom • Cabell O'Malley) • Bella • KND • Bible Enabler • The WCT • Anaxis • GiBi • Larry Vaughn • Val • Spunky • Peachy • Klop • Molly the Medium • Justin • Luke • Emgo316
The Games
The Watchmen meet Praetor:
The Disc Dream:
Bella's Introduction:
Crystalgate:
Confrontation:
Aftermath:
The "New Associates"
Justin DMs
Praetor Revealed
Lore Bible
Bible Enabler DMs
Bible Poll
Pennsylvania Trip
Lore Mashup
Praetor Arrives
Goochland Library Sermon
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
"The Avatar State"
"Info Dump"
Taser
Gate Crystal
Piezoelectric Crystal DMs
Taser Discussion
Watchmen-Praetor Confrontations
Plans to dismantle Praetor
Lonely Feelings
MKR Rage Quit
Golden Church of Sonichu
Full Taser Discussion
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Lainchu, Twilight
v • d • e
Delusions and enablers
Fantasy World
Core beliefs
Conspiracy theories • CWCville • Daydreams • Death threats • Dreams  • Imaginary family • Imaginary friends‎ • Magical thinking • Messiah complex • Meditation‎‎ • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Extensions
Akashic Records • Avatar State • Chaos Control • Commandments • Fangs • Good Mirror of ElAeRa • Hexes • Iron Curtain • Job as a Goddess • My Little Pony Protests • Magic stones • PsychicPowers • Royal/Cherokee heritage • Self-inflicted taint wound • Spirit possession‎ • Tarot • Taser
Influenced byIdea Guys
CPU Blue Heart • Dimensions • Dimensional Merge • Hyperdimension Neptunia • Polyamorous marriage
Cult of the Idea Guys
Cult leadersand enablers
Idea Guys • Teen Troon Squad • Reginald Chandler (troll) • Watchmen • Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • The Sergeant at Arms • Helena Fiorenza • Praetor • Larry Vaughn • KwaiiSandbag • Isabella Janke • Fiona Cooper • Michael Afghani • Kenneth Erwin Engelhardt • Other enablers
Beliefs instilled into Chris
Bisexuality • Cryzel Torture •
Fabricated Magi-Chan conversation • Operation BARBarossa • Nazis • Sonichu #13
OCs instilled into Chris
Akan • Arfoire • Bundychu • Cryzel Rosechu • Kidasuna (the Rokat, Michiro, Jakoba) • Kun T’Nyuget • Perceptor Sonichu • The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Fantasy-induced events
By Idea Guys
Remove Kebab dance • Slav Squat • Fandoms Apology • Destruction of Christine Doll Mk. 1 • Christmas tree destruction • House Tour III • Wall licking • Cryzel Torture (Chris's pleas) • "AY YOU TOILET!" • The Bad Beginning
Others
First recorded statement of Magi-Chan • Chris hangs out with Xleepy and Co. • Interview with Noah and Max Mandu • Psychic California Trip • Goochland Library Sermon • The Vaughn Interlude
People appropriated by Chris as 'OCs'
DRWolf • ProjectSNT
v • d • e
Dimensional Merge
Concepts
Dimensions (C-197 • 1218) • Chaotic Rainbow • Iron Curtain • Portals
Methods
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell • Numerology • THE DIMENSIONAL MERGE IS HAPPENING NOW! • Taser
Reasons
Financhu Crisis • Stress
Related
Spirit possession
Videos
Dimensional Merge Announcements • Sonichu's Update on the Dimension Merge and Sermon - October, 2020 • Breaking the Veil
The writings of Chris-Chan
Poetry:
"Valentines Day Hymn" |
"For My True Love, I Would…" |
"Hard Love Quest" |
"I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" |
"Saddest Heart in the World" |
"Song of Christian" |
"Sonichu's Ode to Rosechu" |
"An Inspired Poem for Jackie" |
"PAIN Enduring since October 29, 2013" |
"Ride or Die" |
"Weston Haiku"
Prose:
"How the Pokémon Came into Our PokéBalls" |
"A Week With Christian Chandler" |
"My big 18th party" |
"Bionic the Hedgehog" |
"Sonichu & Rosechu… The Genesis of the Lovehogs" |
Sonichu's News Dash |
"Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares" |
"Story of My Current Days" |
Chris's letter to Blanca |
"The High School Story" |
"A Sonichu and Rosechu Christmas Story" |
Chris's Response to the Terrorism Attacks in Paris |
Chris's letter to Cathy Weseluck |
Chris's letter to Kelly Sheridan |
"The Awakening of a CPU, AKA The Idea Guy Corruptions" |
THE DIMENSIONAL MERGE IS HAPPENING NOW! |
Psychic California Trip |
Sonichu Journal Pages |
Whispering Spell (Restore Magic) |
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell |
Goochland Library Sermon |
SNT Vs Sonichu 2.5-Plus |
Weston Haiku |
Jail letters |
Goddess Log
|
"The Life and Times of Jesus Christ" |
Breaking the Veil
See Also:
Signature
|
Sonichu (comic)
⇐ Sonichu Reaction TF2 Analysis Anarchy Red Vs Blue Part 6
Chris's videos
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Goochland_Library_Sermon&oldid=353535"