Title: Guard Dogs
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Guard_Dog
Categories: Guard Dogs, People
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• On The Captain
The Guard Dogs discuss Chris's planned meeting with Rocky Shoemaker.
The Guard Dogs were a group which at times involved Anna McLerran, The Captain, Marvin, LoveYouLongTime, and Null. First arranged to stop the Idea Guys from conning Chris and to attempt to help Chris report them to law enforcement, the group then changed into trying to screen out or discourage weens and prospective trolls from contacting him. The "Guard Dogs" name was coined by the CWC community to describe their actions after the fact; none of them have used that name to describe themselves.
With the revelation that the Idea Guys were still actively manipulating Chris in early 2018, a new effort to systematically dismantle their and other trolling operations began. Now known as the "Guard Dogs", this group sought to replace the old guard that had once existed before, and optimistically tried to curb current-day weening. This group has since been credited with the outing of both the Idea Guys and the Teen Troon Squad. Their efforts have been met with a mixed reception. While most on Kiwi Farms praise their rescue of Chris from the Idea Guys' grasps, others criticize the group for being white knights.
Prior to the existence of the Guard Dogs, efforts to monitor Chris' accounts for trolls have existed in the past. However, none were as straightforward to Chris or as elaborate as those of the Guard Dogs.
The Guard Dogs have since disbanded.
Contents
1 Rescue from the Idea Guys
1.1 Discovery
1.2 Infiltration
1.3 Extortion allegations
1.4 Rescuing the Amnyfest Ring
1.5 E-mail monitoring
1.6 Publication of leaked content
1.7 End of Null's involvement
2 Ousting The 'Teen Troon Squad'
3 See also
4 Sources
Rescue from the Idea Guys
In late April 2018, Anna McLerran contacted The Captain stating that she was worried Chris was being actively manipulated.[1] She was unable to get any confirmation, however, due to Chris refusing to give any information.
Discovery
Based on this, The Captain began attempting to contact Chris. He was eventually able to gain his trust, but only by playing along to his delusional beliefs. Chris then revealed to him that he was in a top-secret Discord chat with the Idea Guys on a separate account they had created for him. At this point, with the coaching of Marvin, The Captain had multiple conversations with Chris in which he attempted to convince him that the Idea Guys were bad people who had only hurt “fake” characters. Chris eventually came to trust him, but only after using his “mind powers”.[2] In response, he gave The Captain full control to his accounts so he could gather evidence against the Idea Guys. The counter-offensive was now in motion.
Infiltration
A screenshot by The Captain revealing the profiles of four of the Idea Guys.
When The Captain first logged in to Chris’ Discord account, he was overwhelmed by how far the Idea Guys had gone to take advantage of Chris. Their tactics ranged from extortion to threats, and even blackmail. He once again went to Marvin with this information. To stall the Idea Guys so they could collect evidence, the two began roleplaying in the server as Chris. This stalling lasted upwards of a week. Whenever the Idea Guys asked The Captain something he didn’t know, The Captain would ask Marvin and Chris for direction and then reply accordingly. At one point during the week, the Idea Guys became suspicious and asked Chris to post photographic evidence to prove that he was indeed himself. They quickly had Chris take this photograph for them, writing the desired message on a dry-erase board. They were also able to collect the Discord usernames and IPs of Wise, Boyd and another Idea Guy using an IP tracer, as well as the username of a third unidentified Idea Guy.[3] During this time, Chris was told to take a break from the internet for a week, to which he complied. He spent that week catching up on the shows Wise and Boyd had “banned” him from watching, which included My Little Pony and “nearly everything on Crunchy Roll”.[1]
Eventually, Marvin managed to build a script that ripped the server's chat logs straight from Discord, archiving the hundreds of pages of the Idea Guys' debauchery. Once all of the images and chat logs had been saved, Chris’ Discord account went silent and remained offline. A couple of days later, Wise and Boyd realized what this new inactivity implied, and began sanitizing the server. They banned Chris from the channel and deleted every private message they had sent him one by one. For them, however, it was already too late.[1]
Extortion allegations
Receipts of items Chris bought for Wise and Boyd, which were kept by Chris.
Main article: Idea Guys#Blackmail and extortion allegations
“
I get that $6000 isn't the white collar crime that brings down the hammer, but we're talking about unhinged lunatics who are coaxing mentally ill people into punching themselves.
”
Null, describing his frustrations with law enforcement.[1]
Midway through their infiltration of the Idea Guys’ Discord, Null was brought into the process, filing reports with the FBI, Greene County Sheriff, and even calling Boyd’s mother. The other Guard Dogs vouched for Null to Chris, who rationalized the inclusion of Null - whom he would have considered a troll at any other point in time due to his ownership of Kiwi Farms - by playing make-believe that Stan Smith, a character from American Dad, had vouched for Null as well:
when Chris first started messaging me he said that Stan Smith from American Dad said I was somehow affiliated with the FBI/CIA, which I think is entirely his head canon. If you wonder why I'm a big softy with Chris, there's a good example.[4]
Chris forwarded Null, Marvin, and The Captain any and all suspicious incoming messages and gave the three full access to all of his accounts. He still had all of his receipts from Food Lion, which he had used to purchase Amazon/GameStop gift cards for the Idea Guys. He also took screenshots of his GameStop order history to prove that he had purchased and sent PS Vitas and other items to Wise and Boyd’s personal addresses. In total, the Idea Guys conned approximately $6000 from Chris.
This resulted in Chris facing serious monetary issues.
To this day law enforcement have yet to act on any of Null’s reports. The FBI was sent his IC3 twice (once online, another in-person by Chris) but no action was ever taken.[1]
Rescuing the Amnyfest Ring
Upon realizing that Chris was selling his Amnyfest Ring during the depths of the Financhu Crisis, it became apparent that this artifact should not leave Chris's possession, and so a plan was set into motion to rescue it, rather than having the item be sold to someone unaware of its importance. The Captain stepped in, and purchased the ring for $200[5], then presented it to Chris, explaining that it was actually the Reality Stone, and had the power to change CWCVille back to anything Chris wanted it to be, thus reverting the changes the Idea Guys had made - although sadly, Chris continued to believe in much of what they had instilled into him over the subsequent months. At some point before July 2018, The Captain sold the ring back to Chris, triumphantly returning the artifact to its rightful place.
E-mail monitoring
Null angrily insulting a ween with a racial epithet.
Drawing Chris drew for Null to show his appreciation.
“
Null has the passwords to the accounts. He checks shit, deletes shit. Chris doesn't act on any messages unless Null gives it the OK first.
”
Marvin, describing "OPERATION: Kingsnake".[6]
After the Idea Guys were successfully removed from power, Chris began speaking to Null, Marvin and The Captain regularly. In an arrangement referred to as OPERATION: Kingsnake, they began actively monitoring his accounts, with Null personally reviewing all of Chris’ emails,[6] in some cases acting particularly aggressively towards weens attempting to get in on the action.
This lead to Chris and the three speaking on very friendly terms, with Chris even drawing Null his very own original My Little Pony character. They also tried to coach Chris on how to better protect his social media, though their efforts were in vain.
Publication of leaked content
Null has written and published a handful of articles on Kiwi Farms regarding the content retrieved during their infiltration of the Idea Guys' discord server.
On 11 July 2018, Null released his account of the dismantling of the Idea Guys onto Kiwi Farms in a thread titled “The Chris-Chan Extortionists”. Written for a broader audience, he reveals to what extent the Idea Guys had manipulated Chris, and his frustration with law enforcement’s inaction.[1]
On 13 July 2018, Null released Cryzel Torture, a nine-hour-long chatlog in which Wise and Stephen Boyd berate Chris and continue to convince him that his characters were being tortured.
On 19 July 2018, Null posted The Bad Beginning, the first 9 hour and 15-minute long text conversation found in the Idea Guys' Discord server.
End of Null's involvement
Summary of Guard Dog Saga (and other commentaries)
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
26 November 2018
Saga
Guard Dogs Guard Dogs
Other
Audio Audio
Null’s involvement in the "guard dog" saga didn't last long. Chris wanted to chat about his delusions such as the Dimensional Merge and Null didn't want to participate, so communication became less frequent, except for when Chris wanted something. In a livestream from November 2018, he stated that he no longer wanted any part of the operation, finding the enabling tiresome.
On 25 August 2019, Chris, during his phase of role-playing as Magi-Chan, attempted to get back in contact with Null, though Chris got upset when Null refused to entertain his delusions.
“
Chris just sent me some shit out of the blue and he immediately got upset and shut up after I addressed him as "Chris" instead of Magichan. Every single time I see this ludicrous faggot shit he's doing it's like losing Terry [Davis] again. It makes me so fucking sad.[7]
”
However, in 2020 Null would resume contact with Chris and act as a manager, though on his own and without The Captain or Marvin.
Ousting The 'Teen Troon Squad'
Main article: Teen Troon Squad#Unravelling
On 25 December 2018, Marvin,[8] posing as Magi-Chan posted a tweet linking to a Pastebin, which doxes Lukas, one of the squad's members, revealing his birth name, home address, and phone number.[9]
See also
Captain DMs
Idea Guys
Marvin DMs
Null DMs
On The Captain, a user essay clarifying aspects of the Guard Dogs
Sources
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 The Chris-Chan Extortionists
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)#Convincing Chris
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)#Discord Usernames
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Stan Smith
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/nulls-gambit.45655/page-8#post-3581495
↑ 6.0 6.1 Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#Marvin answers questions regarding OPERATION: Kingsnake
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Sad About Chris's Roleplaying
↑ On The Captain
↑ December 2018 social media posts#Magi-Chan doxxing incident
Guard Dog Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Anna McLerran
The Captain
Marvin
Null
Kim Wilson
Jack Z
Bryanfrogboy
The Captain DMs
Marvin DMs
Null DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)
Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)
Kiwi Farms posts (Null)
OPERATION: Kingsnake
Coinciding Sagas: Idea Guy, TTS
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Guard_Dogs&oldid=354630"