Title: Ignatius J. Reilly
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Ignatius_J._Reilly
Categories: LGBT, People from the United States, People from Louisiana
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
Ignatius J. Reilly
Information
Name
Ignatius J. Reilly
Also known as
Ignatius J. Reilly, PhD.
QueerSonichuLuvr
queersonichulvr
Gender
MALE
Occupation
Professor of Gay and Lesbian Studies
Internet Troll
Saga
Clyde Cash, CWCipedia
“
Chris, you have given me and so many homosexuals the courage to come out of the closet.
”
Ignatius thanking Chris for helping him come out of the closet.[1]
Ignatius J. Reilly, PhD, known online as QueerSonichuLuvr, is a professor of Gay and Lesbian studies from the University of New Orleans, and the acclaimed author of the research paper "HETEROSEXUAL HOMOEROTICISM IN INTERNET SUBCULTURES: A CASE STUDY", which studies how Chris's Sonichu comics have the tremendous effect of bringing queer people of all walks out of the closet. He made this discovery after reading the comics himself, being moved by its homoerotic elements.
From this, Ignatius created the short-lived Gay 4 Sonichu forum, where Gay, Lesbian, Bi, and Trans Sonichu fans alike can gather and talk about their favorite comic.
Contents
1 The Paper
2 Gay 4 Sonichu
3 IRC Chat
4 References
The Paper
Ignatius' paper was posted onto the CWCki on 13 August 2009.[2] In the paper, Ignatius theorizes that the reason for Chris's desire for a sweetheart comes from him being pressured to follow societal norms.
HETEROSEXUAL HOMOEROTICISM IN INTERNET SUBCULTURES:
A CASE STUDY
by
Ignatius J. Reilly, PhD.
University of New Orleans
Department of Gay and Lesbian Studies
Abstract
The advent of the Internet and the emergence of Internet subcultures has tremendously opened heterosexual people up to each other; for example, to discuss issues such as sexual orientation used to be somewhat taboo in mainstream society, until the internet opened an avenue for totally open homosexual expression. In this paper, the author looks at one remarkable case of a sexually confused young man, Christian Weston Chandler, author of the popular "Sonichu" comics who manages to place homoerotic themes throughout his seemingly heterosexual comic. In this effect, he manages to create a comic that manages to capture the essence of the homoerotic urges a homosexual man must repress in modern Western culture and proves to be an inspiring work for the GLBT audience.
Paper
Focusing upon the author Christian Weston Chandler. Due to the fact that as a young child he was often left with a baby-sitter as his parents went out, we can assume he never went through the Oedipus complex, due to the frequent absence of his father figure, Robert Chandler Junior. As stated in Sigmund Freud's Psychoanalytical theory this is the time where a son is supposed to gain an attraction for his mother but hates his father due to knowledge that he is more powerful. The child is supposed to then identify with his father and his role as a male and thus seek another woman. Chris exhibit's a desire for a girlfriend but he still seems to show a desire for his mother sharing several times cuddling together but only while Bob is away which would lead to that he is still in the complex.
A very likely explanation for Chris's desire for a female stems from denial or possibly trying to conform to society despite the emotional strains he puts upon himself as a sacrifice to show himself as a heterosexual. However Chris seems to project his gay desires into the characters of his Sonichu Comic; a very common occurrence for people in a situation like his.
As mentioned before Chris is in the Phallic stage of the psychosexual stages quite a lot of his comic contains a lot of Phallic imagery, a notable example being the Target cup with the straw in Sonichu 8.
A full discussion of the "Sonichu" phenomenon cannot exclusively fixate on Chris, however. The reaction of the GLBT community, and GLBT-friendly heterosexuals, in accordance with postmodern concepts of the "Death of the Author", has brought about a collective interpretation of the work by the fan community which brings clarity and a coherent social message in sharp contrast to the personal confusion evident on the part of the author.
For example, the popularity of the comparatively new Silvana character is drastically at odds with the apparent intent of the character. Chandler clearly intends hir to fill a Wounded Antagonist archetype, hir formative years in isolation in the presence of the phallic Count Graduon having turned hir into a hermaphrodite, which in Chandler's construction of homosocial ethics renders her incapable of personal psychosexual satisfaction and long-term life fulfilment. The fan community's embrace of hir, however, interprets hir not as a distorted or mutilated individual doing evil through abuse, but a bold genderqueer figure whose renegade activities reflect hir willingness to confront heteronormative social norms. The cross-dressing activities of the Team Rocket character James in "Pokemon", a source text for the postmodern collage of Sonichu, provides some precedent for this, but in Silvana it reaches a peak.
As a metamorph, Silvana has transcended and overcome all social expectations and boundaries with regards to gender and sexual roles, and this is embraced by the fanbase, most notably by the "Silvana team" who are a controversial and prominent element within the Sonichu fanbase at anime and furry conventions. A group of people, each costumed as Silvana, makes themselves sexually available to Sonichu fans who wish to lose their virginity, a process regarded almost as an initiatory within the hardcore Sonichu fanbase. However, a fan who takes them up on their offer never knows whether they will end up sleeping with a man, woman, or transperson, whether their partner will take the active or passive role, whether their partner will penetrate or offer themselves up for penetration. The experience is reputed to be extremely cathartic, almost religious in nature. Many Sonichu fans, having had their "Silvana moment", have either come out as gay or bisexual, or feel more comfortable in their heterosexuality as a result.
"Even if your Silvana moment isn't with someone of your preferred gender, they find ways to make it work," said R.W., a Sonichu fan interviewed at Anthrocon 2009. "They're really talented, and it does make you think. Most Sonichu fans agree that it can be very positive for a heterosexual person to have a pleasing and fulfilling homosexual experience, or vice versa... I mean, Blake is straight in the comics, but he had his walk on the wild side under the pier with Silvana, and that was a key moment in his redemption and his acceptance by the other electric hedgehog pokemon, and it's generally accepted that there was something going on between Rosechu and Kel before Sonichu showed up - not a relationship, but just friends giving friends what they need."
Gay 4 Sonichu
Main article: Gay 4 Sonichu
IRC Chat
Main article: IRC (20 January 2009)
During an IRC chat on 20 January 2009 (the same one where Chris admitted to frequently pooping his pants), Reilly joined the chat to mention that Chris's comic inspired him to create the Gay 4 Sonichu forum, and points out numerous aspects to it that'd make it appeal to gay people (like the frequent rainbow imagery, the Sonichu Balls, and Chris's flamboyant fashion sense, among others). Chris was not pleased by this, and defended his straightness numerous times before exploding in an ALL CAPS fit of rage.
References
↑ IRC (20 January 2009)
↑ https://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=User:Champthom/Paper&oldid=37365
CWCipedia Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Cogsdev
Champthom
Mao Ling
The Wallflower
Jack Thaddeus
Alec Benson Leary
Vivian Gee
Bailey Jay
Evan George
Ignatius J. Reilly
Vandalism
Advertisements
Mailbag
Gay 4 Sonichu
Chris's Wikipedia profile
CWC Blog
CWCRockin4Way.jpg
Autism Awareness E-mails
Jack Thaddeus Calls (1 • 2 • 3)
Coinciding Sagas: Asperchu, Tito
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Ignatius_J._Reilly&oldid=347555"