Title: Incest Call
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Incest_call
Categories: Articles of the Now, Incest Saga
================================================================================

Note on Context:
This article is missing context, and therefore cannot be evaluated in full.
“
What compelled Chris to tell you that stuff?
”
Bella's friend Louize.
“
beats the fuck out of me
”
Bella.[1]
"I encouraged her positively. I let her make the first move."
The Incest Call refers to a video call which took place between Chris and Isabella Loretta Janke at Chris's request. The call began at about 9:30 PM EST on 27 July 2021.[2] During the call, Chris bragged about him and his mother having engaged in substantial sexual activity. The call was partially recorded by Bella, who compiled together "random clips" from the conversation.[1]
Other subjects discussed in the call include Everfree Northwest convention plans and the consideration of Fiona as a potential girlfriend in lieu of Chris's mother (a notion which Chris rejects).
Bella has claimed the full call lasted around four hours and that the bulk of conversation was a "long and actually very pleasant talk", but the full conversation was not recorded. She said she "didn't start recording until AFTER he showed [...] the vibrators and "organic lube foam" he was using on his mom".[3]
According to Bella, Chris talked in detail about kinky sexual acts on his mother - such as usage of vibrators, candle wax, and nipple clips - but that this alleged talk was not saved due to her iPad cutting off the recording.[1] Given Bella's extremely unreliable nature, such claims should be taken with a massive amount of salt.
The Call, along with the Incest Texts, led to Chris being jailed on an incest charge for nearly two years, until the autism disorder deferred disposition caused the court to dismiss the charge in exchange for Chris completing the program's terms.
Contents
1 Background
2 Longest Version
2.1 Transcript
3 See also
4 References
Background
Prior to the call, Chris had been sustaining a misleading cover story to multiple trusted individuals, including Bella, that his sex partner was simply an older woman. In a display of Honest Content, Chris decided to reveal the truth to Bella. In a text message to Bella before the call, Chris strongly implied that his cover story was concealing an illegal act and recommended the encrypted text/video call app Signal.[4] During the call, as Chris began speaking about how he'd been having sex with his mother, Bella secretly began to record the conversation using her iPad. Following the call, she edited together clips from it, then shared the file with her friends in the Chess Club and with Fiona. Fiona in turn shared the news with her friends in the Chris Chan Conservation Collective and gave them an edited version of the call as proof, in which she edited out Bella's side of the conversation.
Audio from the call was then publicly leaked multiple times with varying amounts of censorship or cuts in the audio.
The first was leaked to YouTube on 29 July 2021 by Chris Chan Conservation Collective member EllDudeRocks / GunLoader420,[5] who then created a thread at r/ChrisChanSonichu about it, dated 30 July 2021 at 12:23 AM EST.[6] This had a runtime of about 4 minutes and consisted only of Chris's voice.[7]
A few hours later, another cut with Bella's voice retained was leaked.
On 31 July, Bella's friend ternarymercury leaked a longer cut.[8]
On 3 August, the longest version to date was leaked, measuring 21 minutes.
Longest Version
This is the longest available version of the call.
The Incest Call
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
27 July 2021 (leaked 3 August 2021)
Performance Style
Crazy Crazy, Smug Smug
Saga
Incest Incest
Transcript
CHRIS: ...We pro- we proceeded towards it more slowly.
BELLA: "Mhm. Sorry, I'm putting the volume, for my- I can't- I have a really bad ear because I just, I got sick, like, you can hear it in my voice. It's hard to hear anything at all. But I can hear you now. Go ahead."
CHRIS: "Alright. So anyway, um, every -- with the, with the events and everything and I was feeling like, I really needed a sensual release, and..."
BELLA: "Mhm."
CHRIS: "Not too many, not too many individuals this side of the iron curtain were coming up to plate right, right down there, so..."
BELLA: "Right."
CHRIS: "And then the- everything was coming into good alignment and it was, the signs were all [inaudible] Emanuelle, you know, God, just said that it was okay and managed to guide me towards..."
BELLA: "God said this was okay? Yeah, then you don't have anything to worry about if God himself said 'This is fine!'"
CHRIS: "Yeah. And uh, so yeah. I gave it a lot of thought myself and I was like 'Okay, so I'll take a dive for it,' so..."
BELLA: "But how did this happen? How did this come about?"
CHRIS: "Well, among which just mainly I'm just, really, really horny and I needed a true and honest, uh, relationship to come about, so... Obviously, this was one of the best ways to do it despite it being with uh... I don't want to believe in labels at all but I mean obviously, tale- the incest fanfics have come true and shit."
BELLA: I didn't even know there was such a thing! I didn't even know there was incest fanficsh- were there about you and Barbara? I can't believe that. I didn't even think that I- I knew that you guys had a good relationship, but I always thought- 'cause I'm not huge on Christory, and y'know, whatever, I just thought that the whole Sonichu franchise was very interesting, and that's how I- I got into you when I was younger, right? But I had- I didn't have any idea that Barbara was, um, that Barbara and you had that sort of relationship. I never got any of those, uh, vibes. But, um, how did you approach her?
CHRIS:
[stress sigh] I approached her with care and caution. And... it was a timed approach. So I just, gave her comfort, to talked with her, and we just branched out slow and steady, and that night I encouraged her positively, let her make the first move, 'cause she wanted to do it an'...
BELLA (interrupting): Oh, she did? Really? She made the first move?
CHRIS: Yeah.
BELLA: Oh. Oh, really? Wow, Barbara, ha ha! How- how did she do, if you don't mind me asking? What was the first move?
CHRIS:
[stress sigh] Uh, I don't remember exact- well, that was her first move but my approach was... Hm. Well, I forgot exactly what it- what terminology approach I used but, care and caution.
BELLA: That's good.
CHRIS: And I was... I was most, I was direct and upfront with her for the most part.
BELLA: That's good. And how did she respond when you, uh, when you, um, approached her? What did she say?
CHRIS: I don't, I don't remember exactly what she said, but it was kind of, I think, she was partially confused at one point but, but then she came around, obviously, with the more approaching, with the more approaching that I was doing with her along the way.
BELLA: Right, so she... so she got into it. How was the first kiss? You kissed her? How did that feel? Having known this woman for your whole life, how did that feel?
CHRIS: Oh, yeah, I mean, it was simple, uh, lip, lip lock, lip-to-lip kiss, but yeah. It was actually good. It felt right.
BELLA: When did you start having feelings for Barbara?
CHRIS: Well, obviously for, well, for a long time, I mean, I remember even mentioning some time ago in one of my videos that I even had dreams where I had, I had sex with her, obviously. So...
BELLA: Really, yeah? Is that, um, I- I- I've heard of- I don't know what it is, per, uh, per se, but, is that what Oh-dipus complex is called, is when, uh, um, is when, you like your mother? Is that what it's called, I don't know what it means, though, I just thought, I thought, I just thought might be.
CHRIS: Yeah, the uh, that's right, the Oedipus complex.
BELLA: Oh, Oedipus, that's right, yeah. Yeah, that's right, ennh... how, how if you don't mind me asking it, I know it's probably personal, you don't have to answer, but... how is the sex?
CHRIS: Uh, I'd say it was satisfactory, it took a while, took a few tries to...
BELLA: [giggling] It took a few tries? Yeah... she is o- she is older...
CHRIS: Yeah, plus, uh, also she's very exstanding about the whole thing as well, I was direct with her, still direct and honest with her, made sure that I, yeah, obviously, I'm never gonna propose marriage to her at all 'cause we're already daughter and... mom...
BELLA: Yeah, mother and daughter. You know, they say there's no, there's no stronger bond than a mother and her daughter, that's true. I'm- I'm pretty close to my mom, I don't- I don't think I'd be that close, but... I do- I do in some ways project, you know, the kind of woman I'm interested in, with the kind of woman my mother is, and I didn't realize it until I got older. I was like, wow! She's- she's not- she kind of, y'know, similar- has similar qualities to my mother! And I think, 'Oh! Well, shoot!' Um, I'm very- I'm glad that you're telling me, because a lot of people would hold this inside, and it would tear them apart, you know, but then again, yeah your, your body is, um, your body now,
isn't it
only like a projection of your true form? Aren't you from like, you're from like another dimension, right? You're a Sonichu.
CHRIS: Yeah, well, not really a projection because this body is interdimensional. [continues speaking, inaudible as Bella cuts him off]
BELLA: Yeah, it's interdimensional. But are you related to Barbara in, um, are you related to Barbara, in like, um, the different dimensions?
CHRIS: [stress sigh] I'm not sure how to answer that question off the bat right now, 'cause-
BELLA: Right. You're just still figuring it out. How long have you two been going at it?
CHRIS: Well, we've been um, doing it every third n-
[Bella sneezes]
BELLA: Sorry?
CHRIS: "We've been doing it every third night, and the first might be on June 27th."
BELLA: "Oh, you have a routine? Huh."
CHRIS: "Yeah."
BELLA: "Well, at least you have a stable, you have a stable relationship because you know it's not going to end if anything happened. You'd still be, you'd still be, you know, you'd still be mother and daughter. It's not going to like, be an explosive break up, right? That's, at least that's comforting."
CHRIS: "Yeah."
BELLA: "Yeah. So you said since June, June?"
CHRIS: "Yeah it, It took us a few nights to, it took us a few nights to figure, figure out what made, what felt right and what didn't feel right, and..."
BELLA: "Does your mother enjoy it?"
CHRIS: "Yeah. She's having, yeah she's having a good time, literally."
BELLA: "She is? She's having a good time?"
CHRIS: "She'll -- Yes, sh -- well, we're, we figured it out."
BELLA: "That's great to hear. Do you guys act more like mother and daughter, or do you guys act more like, you know, lovers, when.... Like say, you come home from, you know, the supermarket and you see Barbara. Uh, would you say 'Hey sweetheart' or do you say 'Hi mom?'"
CHRIS: "Yeah I'm, I'm, I haven't called her 'mom' in quite some time now."
BELLA: "Oh, really?"
CHRIS: "So, yeah, I'm, I'm more often calling her 'love' at this point."
BELLA: Oh, yeah, that's sweet. That's sweet. I call my girlfriend 'love' too. Well, I used to, the old one, haha. I- I don't- you're- you're in a relationship and I'm not, so you're- you're more experienced than I am, definitely. But you recently started dating Fiona, isn't that, that's true, right? An open relationship?"
CHRIS: "Yeah it, it's, it's, yeah between Barbara and I it is an open relationship and I made that very clear with her."
BELLA: "Right. Is Barbara dating anybody else?"
CHRIS: "Well, uh, she's not."
BELLA: "No? But she's fine with you dating other people, right?"
CHRIS: "Yeah, she's okay."
BELLA: "Do you guys go on any dates or anything romantic like that?"
CHRIS: "Mm, well, I'll be, well not anything extravagant but we do, uh, as often as possible, eat at the dinner table together."
BELLA: "Yeah."
CHRIS: "We haven't been able to picnic much lately because I've had to switch to a soup diet becau -- after getting the crown..."
BELLA: "Uh-huh."
CHRIS: "...my tooth."
BELLA: "Oh, did you? I always thought the dentist was a sham, because whenever I- because they say i'm genetically prone to get cavities, even though I brush my teeth all the time, and no matter how I brush my teeth and floss and I get a cavity. The thing is if you ignore it i mean by ignore you like take care of it yourself it goes away for me. But I never- I don't think I've ever got a crown in, yeah. I've gotten- gotten a gold over here."
CHRIS: Yeah, well, anyway. Uh, so I had to get roots now, before [?]
BELLA: Right. Ow, that hurts, yeah.
CHRIS: Yeah, I could- Yeah, I could appreciate that as well, but... uh, she's not exactly one for the shopping time, but- [BELLA: Right.] Yeah, all these- [BELLA: Right.] It wasn't- She's still trying to remember her inner child... [BELLA: Right, that's true, yeah.] ...might as well, but I, but I'm encouraging her towards the possibi-, towards the positives and, you know, be my homemaker."
BELLA: Yeah. Yeah knowing, knowing you Christine, I think that, uh, because you, I, I know, I noticed that she was mature, you know, and she's mature and she's wise. She's wise in her ways and um, you know, she has experience and she loves you, and you two have a great relationship. But wouldn't you want somebody who's younger? Right? To keep up more with your energy? Yeah.
CHRIS: Uh, yeah, obviously, but, y'know, obviously, if I could find some...
BELLA: There's Fiona! Fiona's very interested in you! Fiona- yeah, Fiona's very interested in you! She's a super-girl. Yeah.
CHRIS: I have foreseen- I have lived in the future, and I know she's gonna find her better, long-term sweetheart.
BELLA: Fiona?
CHRIS: On campus.
BELLA: Are you sure? [CHRIS: Yeah.] Because Fiona- Fiona talks to me, saying how great you are, and how much she loves you, right? Maybe 'cause the future can change, with fate?
CHRIS: Um, it's a possibility, but it's-
BELLA: Why don't you try for her? Because- y'know- 'cause [stammers] Fiona consented [?] to having an open relationship, right? I'm sure she's- you're fine, with, uh, both of them now. BUt, over time, Fiona really, really, really adores you. And she's a wonderful girl. I text her a lot, we chat. We, um- She has never said a single negative thing about you. She- She adores you, like, and- She'll be more open to stuff like, you know, having spa days, getting pizza, going out together, you know, and, she's um, she's probably newer in the bedroom, but she's willing to do it. She's willing to have fun with you.
CHRIS: Yes, I agree. And I appreciate all that, yeah, I'm making the uh, short time, as a short time, count, as best as I can with her.
BELLA: Oh, I understand.
CHRIS: ...we're seen out and about [?] in the future, plus, I don't want to take her away from the colleges she chose to go to, which I'm sure, is still in Washington state right there.
BELLA: Uh, how far away do you live- um, from Washington state? Because I almost- I was gonna go to Washington state.
CHRIS: Um, Washington state [stammers] is on the West Coast, and Virginia is on the East Coast.
BELLA: Right, right. And plus, she's young! She has a lot of time to, um, she has a lot of time to travel, visit you, I mean- You've done long distance before, haven't you?
CHRIS: Uh, yeah, a long-distance relationships, but- [Bella coughs loudly]
BELLA: Oh, yeah, they suck. I know they suck, but what's important is that you make, uh, you make a relationship with her now, and that way, it'll stay, like, forever! And she'll come back to you, like she'll come back to you, I'm sure!
CHRIS: Yes, it is a possibility, but I am more- I am more open. I'm thinking more on the higher-likelihood outcomes for this timeline, obviously.
BELLA: Oops, sorry, just trying to get adjusted. Okay, that makes sense. Goober- okay, Goober, buddy. There you go. He was just tryin' to get my lip [?]
CHRIS: "Yeah, obviously. But yeah, still uh, would want somebody who was younger than, who is younger or close to my age, obviously, I don't know, maybe."
BELLA: "You don't want anyone who's younger?"
CHRIS: "Um, not too many, not too many other at this, at this time. But, I mean, obviously uh, with my affirmations on, on attracting my twin flame.
BELLA: "Right. [inaudible], true. Um, for like, [inaudible] make sure to have uh, a lot of fun, make sure to have a, you know, push it with Fiona and have a lot of fun with her, right? Because, um..."
CHRIS: "Obviously."
BELLA: "Yeah, because now you're doing this for your mom, uh, make sure -- I'll be there, I'll be there watching you guys to make sure that nobody is trying to... sorry, my throat... nobody's trying to hurt you, do anything, I'll take photos of you two. I'll have- I'll have just a screenshot- like a slideshow of romantic stuff between you guys, um. You, uh- Oh, the dance will be awesome. We could take turns. I'd like to dance with her too, and then you guys could take like the slow dance and whatever. And uh..."
CHRIS: Well, we'll see. We'll see what we can arrange, because she obviously- because she only has the hotel room for the Friday night, and she would want to get home as- get home as quickly as possible, as she already... [inaudible] ...with her parents, and I don't want to- [Bella coughs loudly]
BELLA: Oh yeah, her mom is pretty strict, yeah.
CHRIS: Yeah, but I mean, obviously, if she is, obviously, she is likely to, uh, head back home before the [unintelligible]
BELLA: Oh, is she? Oh, no! I wanted to- I wanted to dance with her! Because I thought it'd be- Because I thought it'd be so cute! Because- since I'm there to protect you guys, right? I obviously, I'm gonna be enjoying the festivities with you two, but I wanted to take like um, I wanted to make a uh oh like slideshow, and like memory thingy. Of you guys together.
CHRIS: "My mom and all the other [inaudible]..."
BELLA: "Yeah. Yeah, right."
CHRIS: "[inaudible] before they can register as well."
BELLA: "But how are you feeling, Christine? How are you feeling? Because I know there's a lot of societal pressure on you about like um, this thing with Barbara. A lot of societal pressure and a lot of people, you know, consciously who judge, like would judge, and you know, there is a lot of eyes on you. It must be very stressful."
CHRIS: "Yeah, it is."
BELLA: "Yeah, I can imagine. I'm so sorry about all that stuff, yeah."
CHRIS: "Well, still [inaudible] we still have Magi-chan and Cryzel to dance with."
BELLA: "You always have --"
[Cut in the audio.]
BELLA: Uh, yeah, like again. My main job is photographer and bodyguard, but, I could dance for a little, take photos of other ladies I might wanna dance with, y'know, have fun, [trails off]. You know don't- don't just limit yourself, and I- I- I appreciate that you like um, the idea of um, open relationships, right? But, if, uh, Fiona really wants to like, commit and settle down with you would you take that seriously and stop having open relationships?
CHRIS: Well, I- I would consider... I really would wish I could consider [Bella coughs] I did, obviously. I don't want to take her away from her college. She still has a lot to learn for herself and experience.
BELLA: What if she- What if- I get that, but what if, in like ten years, after she's done with college, and you still have a good relationship, and she's grown to be a beautiful woman, and y'know, everything, she says, "Christine, I really really really want to settle down with you. I love you from the bottom of my heart." What would you do?
CHRIS: Well, okay well, after she's done with college and she's got herself organized, uh, on the highly highly unlikely event... for this timeline that she doesn't meet her long-term sweetheart [BELLA: Right.] who will be better for her, then I would definitely be up for considering.
BELLA: Why do you think that she has somebody else that's better for her?
CHRIS: Well, I mean, I can't reveal too many details, I just, um, can only say that- say that she's got...
BELLA: Oh, is this some kind of psychic thingie? Did you look into the future?
CHRIS: Yeah, that's-
BELLA: Oh, okay. I understand. Oh, I see. Well, that makes sense, then, that you're not so confident. Yeah, it just really depends on the person. [BELLA: Yeah.] How long are you staying at the event for again? Sorry.
CHRIS: Um, we'll stay in Washington- [Bella coughs] Uh, like the plane ticket said I'll be leaving on the following Monday the 16th.
BELLA: Okay, so- yeah. I just coordinating with the flight thing because I get mine
for... because I get mine for like a really big discount or free depending where they put me right? So um they're just they're still kind of iffy, but I at least have the tickets, but they could change them. So, um, but you're, you're from Seattle to Washington, right? I don't know if we'll
be on the same flight but I could try, uh if they if they have two stops from like from Michigan to Seattle to um yeah to Washington. Or if it's from like, Massachusetts. Yep?
CHRIS: We could- we'll figure something out.
BELLA: Yeah, we will. It'll be fine. We could do it another time, 'cause I have a cough, and it's hard to talk, and my throat kinda hurts --
[cut in the audio]
BELLA: Alright, I understand- that I know the kind of person you are, and you're a good, caring person. And I know that, uh, you're doing it 'cause you love your mother-
CHRIS: Thank you. That means a lot.
BELLA: Hehe, look at my cat. Can you see him?
CHRIS: Uh, kinda hard to see. ...I see him when he [???]
BELLA: Do you see how- um you see how chubby he is? Do you see all this fat coming out from his neck he's got so fa-
[cut]
CHRIS: "Um, so yeah she's got a really sensitive G-spot because apparently I don't believe her -- I don't believe he ever, Mr. C, any of her past boyfriends, ex-husbands, they... haven't really reached and hit her G-spot really with their dicks."
BELLA: "Right... right... Oh, okay, so yours is a bit bigger?"
CHRIS: "They haven't, they have, they, were more focused on..."
BELLA: "[coughs]"
CHRIS: "...pleasuring themselves, really. As opposed to focusing on her, which -- that's my focus."
[cut]
BELLA: ...'cause I know you wanna be with somebody, like yeah, more experienced and younger, I know you already said this, but I'm just, you know.
CHRIS: Yeah, and that's- And that's also one thing I definitely appreciate and, uh, the upcoming time with Fiona, because apparently, she's uh, she's had five cases of having sex. Or, close to it at least.
BELLA: Yeah, I believe so, she's said that she had it before. She- she seems to be very uh open, and like not- not scared or nervous she's experienced. And that's what you like, right?
CHRIS: But then also she's also had that experience with the pedophile Japanese teacher, apparently.
BELLA: Oh, dear, ooh. Yeah, I don't know why, but, you know, like, all the Loli things and stuff? Like, it again, if it's just a drawing, it's not that much of a problem, but when it's like, but, people don't realize that it does, it does kind of cause, um, it does cause people to get, you know, it stops becoming a joke, it becomes- people become more and more, like attracted, then there are some crazies in the world that might use it and become more, uh, more likely to do it in person. It's like, you know, they say that a lot of the, uh, serial killers, um, the reason they came that way was because of
pornography? You know how easy it is to find stuff like child porn online? It's disgusting, but it's everywhere!
CHRIS: Yeeessss!
BELLA: Oh my god, holy crap, that's nasty. I can't believe-
[Cut in the audio.]
CHRIS: I've been in jail before, so-
BELLA: Oh, you have? I had no clue, really? ...Really?
CHRIS: Um, well, essentially, uh, I've been in jail twice.
BELLA: Oh, really?
CHRIS: First time- First time was, uh, was... Snyder set off his trap on me that time, which... lead me to come back to the Game and Hobby Place, yeah. So I spent time- spending one night in jail.
BELLA: Oh, one night? Was there anybody there? [CHRIS: Yeah.] In jail with you?
CHRIS: Yes. Um, nobody was in the, uh, jail cell with me. [unintelligible]
[The audio abruptly cuts out.]
See also
Incest fallout chat leaks
Post-incest leak drama
PVCC NEW info: on Chris and Barbara spoon eachother!
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Chess club#Bella Reacts to Incest Call
↑ WCT DMs#Asking about Incest Call leak
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Bella)#Incest Call Narrative
↑ Bella chats#Chris Wants to Spill the Beans
↑ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urV7h_pT4kI (archive)
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/oudn5m/chris_chan_admits_to_having_sex_with_his_mother/
↑ https://archive.org/details/chris-chan-admits-to-having-sex-with-his-mother
↑ https://archive.org/details/2397812-e-4f-7d-22193ee-32019a-95f-417748c-7d-10
Incest Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Knights of CWC • Halal Server • Burn Book • Chess Club • Chris Chan Conservation Collective
People: Chris • Barbara Chandler • Bella • Fiona • Null • Spooky Bones • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Ethan Ralph • Lavenderbonez • EllDudeRocks • Naught • MKRNightVee • Dillin Thomas
The Games
Chats:
The Affair:
Incest Call
Incest Texts
Lady Friend Discussion
Null DMs
WCT DMs
Pre-Jail Interview with WCT
Regarding Chris chats
Halal Server chats
Affair with Mother
Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
Emergency Protective Order
The Arrest
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Incest_Call&oldid=349754"