Title: ITS DA BUTTON
URL: http://sonichu.com/cwcki/ITS_DA_BUTTON
Categories: Articles of the Now, Chris-chan videos, 2024
================================================================================

Chris, content with his accomplishment.
ITS DA BUTTON is a video Chris uploaded on 31 August 2024. In it, he celebrates receiving his YouTube Silver Play Button plaque, which was awarded for getting 100,000 subscribers.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Transcript
1.3 Raw captions
Video
ITS DA BUTTON
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
31 August 2024
Performance Style
Reason Reason
Saga
Revelations Revelations, Praetor Praetor
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous CWC Flutter Valley View Mall video clip
next ETSY Reviews Sept 2024
Description
We have passed 100,000 Subscribers, and the button has arrived.
Thank you all of the worldwide communities and individuals.
Shop at my Etsy
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Hey everybody, this is Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime coming in once again, and today something very, very special that all of you are aware of... we have reached over [Chris puts his hands to his face and soys out.] one hundred thousand subscribers! One hundred subscriber! One hundred thousand subscribers! Yeah! (chuckle) And so, checked my E-mail and the, uh, code... which I redeemed and... [Chris imitates a trumpet and reveals the box of the YouTube Play Button to the camera.] In this box, which we have covered the receiving address cuz we want no doxing... is a lovely little putton. So- [Chris stammers.] about to say, a big ol' YouTube on there, it's black. There's the top, there's the bottom, there's one side, there's the other side, eh... No obligatory product shots at the back! Heh. It's an unboxing video, so we're gonna... unbox this video.
[Video cuts to Chris opening the box with scissors.]
Watch this, so... One piece of tape there! One piece of tape there... and, uh... and the code is apparently only sent out to those who have reached that milestone, so yes...
[Video cuts to Chris holding a card.]
Hm, we got a card. [Chris starts to read a message from YouTube staff.] Congratulations on your subscriber milestone! We our honored to take part in recognizing your achievement and want your experience to be ecceptional! This award was inspected by packaged with care by... name on the card, but shall not be disclosed because I do not like doxing anybody. But it was made by Society Awards... and a letter is included, ist... Do you remember your first subscriber? Your one hundredth? Or your one thousandth? Chances are... you do... [Chris smiles at the camera.] And you know that you will definitely remember your one hundredth thousand subscriber! Your fans may have found you while searching YouTube, learned about you through a friend, or maybe you showed up as a recommended video. No matter how they came to your channel, your audience stayed and their numbers increased because of you and the community you've built. We are proud to honor your impressive milestone of reaching one hundred thousand subscribers with the Silver Creator Award. Congratulations! We know you have many more stories to share with your community, and we know that your fans can't wait for you to amaze them even more with your commitment and creativity. So keep creating, keep building, we can't wait to see what you'll do next and we're here to support you along the way. Who knows, when you reach your millionth subscriber... [Chris stammers.] Do you remember your one hundredth thousandth... your sincerely, the YouTube CEO... [Chris shows the letter to the camera.] And there's the letter...
[Video cuts to Chris unwrapping the Play Button.]
Pulling it out of the plastic sleeve... [Chris imitates a trumpet and holds the Play Button to his face.] It's a button! No two buttons about it. Hm, [Chris leans forward and puts the Play Button to the camera, the reflection of the button showing Chris's recording software on his computer.] can you see yourself, in this yourself, in this yourself, in this yourself... Hm, very nice, yes indeed. This shall be handled with care.
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
hey everybody this is Jesus Christ W
Chan S Prime coming in once again and
today something very very special that
all of you are aware of we have reached
over 100,000
subscribers 100 subscribers
100
yeah and so checked my email and we got
a code which I redeemed
and inish B which we have covered the
receiving address cuz we want no thought
is a lovely little button so just like
big old YouTube but is black here is up
there's the bottom there's one side
there's your side and no obligatory BR
shots in the
back it's an unboxing video so we're
going to unbox this video this
so one piece of tape
there one piece of tape there and uh
and the code is apparently only sent out
to those who have reached that Milestone
so
yes we got card congratulations on your
subscriber Milestone we are honored to
take part in recognizing your
achievement and want your experience to
be exceptional this award was expected
and package for Care
by name on the card but should not be
disg grossed because I do not like
daning
anybody but it was made by Society
Awards
and the letter is included just do you
remember your first subscriber your
100th or your
1000 chances are you
do and you know that you'll definitely
remember your 100,000 subscriber your
friends may have found you while
searching YouTube learned about you
through a friend or maybe you showed up
as a recommended video no matter how
they came to your channel your audience
stay that their numbers increase because
of you and the community you've built
we're proud to honor your impressive M
reaching 100,000 subscribers with the
silver create award
congratulations we know you have many
more stories to share with your
community and we know that your fans
kept wait fore to amaze them even more
with your commitment and creativity so
keep creating keep building we can't
wait to see what you'll do next and
we're here to support you along the way
who knows when you reach your million
subscriber we just made right to you n
do you remember your 100,000th you're
sincerely the Youtube
CEO and there's the letter
just point it out the plastic
[Music]
sleeve it's a
button no two buttons about
it can you see yourself it this yourself
it this yourself it this
yourself very nice yes indeed they shall
be handled with care so yes I'd like to
dedicate this award by thanking all the
number of the little people from the
genuine and
authentic just essentially all the good
the neutrals as well as a neutral good
neutral bad and uh well um dishonorable
mention to the toxic
ones but I'd like to offer a little bit
of a reminiscent tour if you will a
little bit of nostalgia since uh we've
reached such the
Milestone the things are all this
started like obviously for the day I was
born and
everything but obviously I came to learn
myself as I am being the one Avatar of
all existence and everything a lot of
soul searching and digging deep within
and connecting with everything
to realize
this and of course you remember classic
book
zero and of course you got to thank the
green screen for doing that detail the
grass in the bottom or this is being
upgrad and still in progress to book
zero HD the big binder is right next to
me but of course you know this is what
I'm supposed to be known for
SM Interruption there this is what I'm
work for and part of what I am not just
to be a YouTube Creator or content but
because of the sa and Roose shoes and
the see a quick video and all that and
the progression we're making so far and
my inspiration to everyone and I just
cting the old classic but zero and uh
I'm making an audable mention once again
to the two fan fic to the two fan fishs
one of which is one of which is canon
this one in an alternate
timeline but yeah just uh look at this
stack of the books you got your book
zero we got your one two three
four thick book five
six seven
eight n
11 why is it doing that on yellow
12
12-9
and bonus but yeah nice star G4 getting
on back on track everything is
manifesting as I have foret told
numerous times beforehand and now and of
course we can't forget
the secret ship F folder cards obviously
insired by the MLP game but who said it
had to just be limited to the
ponies but we are looking a way to get
these Mass printed inexpensively so we
can add these all the individual cards
and we'll do bonus promo cards at at one
point or
another and whatnot but just that's
still to be confirmed in the future
later on and of course
the toys the abble figures personally
made the old prototypes but if we can
kind a way to get the Amo chips in the
bases then that would definitely be much
better but we're that's one detail we're
looked into we may be able to manifest
that a little bit later on with the
things are in process that we are
planning but anyway so on that so
Sonu discovered son Prime discovered
within my premonition mind on March 17th
2000 though
literally as I have written and made
obvious and Canon Sanu was born on Sonu
Prime as a Pichu was born on April 20th
1992 and Rosie Rose Shu Prime born as a
Pichu on January 8th
1992 so age difference decide yada yada
yada she's a little bit older than
him but anyway
so April 20th and not to be confused
with that joke of 420 or whatever so
just no no no April 20th that's when son
Prime was
born anyway so aside from
that all the progressions on the way
because I did want to focus a lot on
sichu and rosi and all the special sichu
and rosu and just I was so focused on
the the sweetheart search of mine once
upon a time
no longer a
thing I'm doing much better now but yeah
just then the progressions all on the
way with the sweetheart search and yeah
I I did a bunch of videos on YouTube and
some of which were
obviously influenced by certain few but
they will about be
named
but their judgment is
set and so on so
forth but anyway so aside from that I've
grown and developed along the way and
definitely learned and uh here's the
thing Internet Security and make sure
you do not DOD yourself and don't DOD
anybody
else but honesty and authenticity
between individuals still does remain
good and just so if you're looking to
actually become friends with somebody on
the
Internet seriously don't fake
don't hate just keep it all authentic
and
good and as long as you can do that
especially in loving yourself
authentically and deeply and everything
and appreciating yourself and everything
that has led you to get to this point
that shall be good for you as well even
if you are among the lowest ranks or
dredges or even if you're a billionaire
but still not very happy because you're
not feeling like you're so fully being
fulfilled and all that so you think
about that middle of the road is Tech is
technically good cuz it's like you take
the good for the
bad and find your own way for the bear
but of course you got to remember your
roots where you came from as you were in
past lives and so on and so
forth and which individuals you may
actually be The Reincarnation of at this
point outside that
enjoy life as you will and keep it all
good the Bible does remain a good guide
but we are meant to think outside the
Bible eventually so just remember
that preach praise but still keep it
good and light powered and
positive but of course as there is a
good point to be spoken when one does
tend to become famous or just to record
a video and put on the internet it
should not be done for attention it
should be done for projecting a valid
reasonable point or
perspective or just a even a random
silly thought whatsoever but as long as
you do it for the good and yeah quoting
from rainbow from equest Girls Rainbow
Rocks the music inside you what is
resonant and true from within your heart
your soul and everything inside about
you that just emits
brilliantly but obviously if you're
meting Darkness then you know you are in
the wrong but if you me light power and
good then you know it is
good it's like I have a crowd that chear
my name but it's like I don't need that
I didn't really come online seeing
seeking infamy or fame and yet it has
happened to me from time to time but
what I bring is truth and authenticity
the best of my abilities even though in
the past I have made mistakes regards to
the theoretical OS I had those that were
online that faked me and hate me and all
that but of course as you know which
that which has been proven good and
which is true and
fact so yall remember that keep it true
keep it
good and light powered just know you are
in the right when it is good to
you especially the good habits and
everything and of course just treat
yourself good go on keep yourself on a
healthy route as best you are able
to drink lots of water caffeine is good
in reasonable amounts of course but you
don't want to go too much just
mentioning that but observe your body
let your body when your body feels bad
take it easy because you love yourself
you love your body you love as an
individual
and when you love to spread yourself as
an individual and everything that
good then you will attract those who
appreciate
you and love you for themselves
especially those that have found Soul
searched deeply I encourage you to Soul
search and look deep into yourself as
well what you were what you are what you
are meant to do you may actually have
prophetic Visions in your dreams a lot
of us do have a little bit of psychic
power and the very few of us have the
heavy psychic power and everything that
is
good
anyway the Big Bite button we have made
to this achievement and I thank
everybody that has help me to get to
this point I shall
continue in good stride
instead with my works and everything and
the updates that come in from time to
time thank you all very much
have a great safe blessed day
⇐ Christ Chan Live Stream: OG Cwcville (Cwcville)-60 Minecraft
Chris's videos
ETSY Reviews Sept 2024 ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=ITS_DA_BUTTON&oldid=353485"