Title: Ivy
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Ivy_O%27Neil
Categories: Articles of the Now, Honest Articles, Dead, Sweethearts, Trolls, Ivy Saga, People from the United States
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
“
♪She's gotta be true, she's gotta be pretty, and she's got to be the sweetest thing in liiiiffe, and her name be Ivvyyyyy~♪
”
Chris singing Bonnie Tyler karaoke.[1]
Ivy
Information
Name
Ivy O'Neil
Date of Birth
17 March 1992 (age 33)
Gender
Female
Nationality
American
Race
White
Father
Officer Keino
Occupation
Art history student
Ivy O'Neil was a troll who became Chris's one and only sweetheart from March to May 2009. The slew of work that escalated from her simple request to gain a video shout-out remains one of the crazier sagas in the CWChronology. Ivy's saga is also seen as one of the most important to Christorians, as it provided insight into Chris's thought processes, the saga being a scenario where Chris genuinely believed that his Love Quest was ending.
Contents
1 Prologue
2 Timeline
2.1 March
2.2 April
2.3 May
3 Epilogue
4 Gallery
4.1 Art by Ivy
4.2 Art of Ivy (by Chris)
4.3 Art of Ivy (by others)
5 See also
6 References
Prologue
Ivy's drawing of herself
Something about Ivy brought out the crazy in Chris at levels rarely seen before or ever since. The Ivy Saga resulted in three Sonichu Specials, four music videos, a bunch of weird and creepy non-music videos (including the notorious Fanta video), a long-awaited tour of his house, a new Christian and the Hedgehog Boys album, the discovery of The Lost Video, the emergence of Joshua Martinez and Rocky Shoemaker as troll obstacles, images of Chris wearing the new Medallion of Fail and butt garments, and unexpected changes in Chris's behavior.
Ivy was a redhead. Chris therefore lowered his standards slightly by allowing her to become a sweetheart, since women with red hair had been excluded (along with blacks and non-boyfriend-free girls).
Timeline
March
The stuff of nightmares.
The story of the Ivy Saga came when she wanted to surprise a friend by getting Chris to give a video shout-out. Posing as a member of Chris's fanbase, after a 30-minute grilling by Barb she was able to speak to Chris. He was quiet and seemingly uninterested, but he agreed to the shout-out. In his Captain's Log of 18 March 2009, Chris sent his greetings to "Ahmy-vie" and her friend Rachel. This was right at the height of the Emily fiasco – between the day Chris stood her up and the day the Man in the Pickle Suit stole her away –, so "Ivy" and "Rachel" were assumed by many observers to be codenames for Emily and her friend Stephanie.
Ivy was dissatisfied with the quality of the shout-out and immediately called back to complain. Disappointed with Emily's no-show, Chris was now much more animated with Ivy, and told her, "If things don't work out with Emily I would consider you for my new heartsweet." The very next day, 19 March, after the Emily date and Clyde Cash's hooker incident, Chris called Ivy. They discussed video games, art, and handwriting. She sent him a self-portrait along with a drawing of her personal Sonichu character "Layla" (see above), and Chris shared with Ivy sexual fantasies involving Layla and Reginald. He told Ivy, "I love you." What follows was massive levels of creepiness not even the most hardened of trolls were ready for.
“
I'll be in your dreams!
”
Chris to Ivy[2]
Main article: Sonichu Special 1
Fresh from the shop!
Ivy was in the driver's seat now, and proved to be a muse like no other. Chris responded with some of his most complex work to date, Sonichu Special 1 and its accompanying music video, CWC Holding Out for a Hero.
From this point onwards, Chris was utterly smitten with Ivy, and genuinely thought that this would be his lucky break and a chance to end his tenure as a Virgin with Rage, if Sonichu Specials 2 and 3 are to be believed.
For the rest of March, Chris was a prolific video blogger. He doubled down on his creepy video messages and make a positive difference in the life of Ivy's insecure cousin, Flora. He managed this even while pressed on another front by his arch-nemesis; indeed, most of Chris's videos directed against Clyde during these months were in fact prompted by Ivy.
Things were moving quickly, but of course a classy college girl like Ivy wasn't going to arrange a sleepover at the Chandlers' sight unseen. Her next request, a tour of the property, ignited a slow-forming but ultimately epic meltdown; his parents proceeded to get pissed at him for filming their house and putting it on the internet without their consent, fearing that the local health department could see it and condemn their house.
Chris also shared details with Ivy about his incontinence issues and Barb's constant effort to persuade him to wear protective liners or, as he called them, "butt garments".
April
Main article: Vanessa Saga
As April dawned, Rocky Shoemaker very nearly pulled the Chandlers, kicking and screaming, out of their vortex of stupidity. Luckily for Ivy, she had already passed all of the Chandlers' tests for TRUTH and HONESTY,[3] and so was spared most of the (brief) fallout. Rocky put a temporary halt to Chris's video production, but Ivy convinced him that everything would be fine as long as he deleted the videos from YouTube as soon as she had saved them. Yet even as one crisis passed, another emerged when a mutual friend introduced Chris to Vanessa Hudgens. Juggling two needy imaginary girlfriends would once again prove challenging for one merely-mortal autistic man.
WHY
Main article: April 16 Fetish Vids
With inspiration from Ivy, Chris got a new cwcville.com up, and made progress on Sonichu #9. He then created the world's first-ever YouTube videos intended for pet crabs. The Hedgehog Boys got back together and hit the road again. And then shit got real: mid-month, Ivy found out about Chris's two-timing ways. The punishment was revolting, to say the least. After his humiliating penance, Chris was given a second chance...
Main article: Sonichu Special 2
...to plan a kickass wedding! The result was another Sonichu Special, complete with an accompanying video, CWC's "It's All Coming Back To Me". And you can't have a wedding without...
Main article: Sonichu Special 3
...a honeymoon! Ivy specifically asked Chris to draw his duck life-sized, so that he couldn't hide the bend. Needless to say, the leaking of the infamous Giant Penis Comic meant that April ended on a decidedly low note. Chris had to make an explanation video to ease the mind of a traumatized Ching Chong, and had to confess to all of his crimes. Of course, the dastardly trolls pounced on every word.
“
Ivy is real! We are going to be together foreverrr! I CAN FEEL THE COSMOS.
”
Chris[4]
Chris helped Ivy put the Vanessa mistake behind them by discussing their future together. Chris assumed that after they got married, she would use her Ph.D. to get a full-time job, but would also do all the cooking when she got home. He would, of course, sit around and draw his comics. He also assumed that Ivy would have no problem if he visited strip clubs, but got very uncomfortable when she asked about her own sexual needs. When the conversation turned to oral sex, he explained his theory about recycling, and indulged her with a notorious demonstrative video.
Chris also ingratiated himself with Ivy's father, speaking with him on the phone twice. He impressed the Coach McGuirk lookalike with his stories of being in the Cub Scouts and drawing a comic book for children.
May
Throughout the Chandlers' trials and tribulations, Ivy remained TRUE and HONEST. A Chandler family vacation up to Boston, to visit Ivy,[5][6] was in the works. But in a fit of righteousness, Rocky brought the Chandlers to the police to sort out the trolls once and for all. The Chandlers were interested in investigating only Joshua Martinez, but Rocky overrode their protests and insisted on checking into Ivy's background as well.
Ivy was furious, and after accusing Chris of betraying her, broke up with him.
Chris persisted in calling Ivy for two days after she broke off their relationship. She and Officer Keino called Bob to have him tell Chris to back off. In Ivy's words, "Chris still had no concept of the word 'no.'"[7]
On the night of 14 May, the following was written on Chris's ED talk page:
“
I have learned that there was a connection between her and a state in Washington where some of you have been lurking, and that she was not found in any public records. It took me a week to recover from the crestfallen emotions, but I am moving on with my life.
”
Chris[8]
Epilogue
An artist's depiction of Ivy's untimely death.
In July 2009, Chris was fed the rumor that Ivy had committed suicide by hanging "from being restricted from Communication, as well as coming to visit me." He tastelessly uploaded CWC "Boyfriend" as a belated memorial.
In November 2009, he described Ivy's death in a giant wall of text in the comic. During the PVCC's assault on CWCville, she was apparently trapped in a collapsing elevator, got the cables tangled around her neck, and was strangled to death, despite BILLY MAYS's best efforts to save her. The page laying all of this out carries a brief dedication: "In memory of Sonichu-Girl, **Ivy O'Niel**".
On 19 April 2010, Chris updated the CWCipedia with a page containing various profiles of his "gal-pals and past sweethearts." Among them was a brief and somewhat ambivalent mention of Ivy:
“
Another online romance, but better... with Telephone Conversations. Ivy and I were entwined within our relationship for about 3 months; it was good. Then later on, when I was talking to a detective on the case of finding my Trolls and seeing justice done unto them, he looked into Ivy and her family; found NOTHING on them, even her father who was a Police Officer. Then in a mental quandary and confusion, I stopped talking to Ivy for a few months. She called me one last time after the time; I still felt confused. Then I hear from Vivian that Ivy committed suicide by hanging.
”
CWC[9]
On 13 February 2011, Ivy participated in a Q&A session with the CWCki.
In a May 2011 email, Chris mentioned her dismissively, saying "that elevator
gag was ONLY for comic story; she in reality committed suicide over me."[10] In June 2014, Chris said that except for Kacey, all of his former sweethearts were "deceptive theoretical exes." This suggests that Chris knew by this point that none of his girlfriends, including Ivy, had been real.[11]
Gallery
Art by Ivy
Rosechu
Bubbles Rosechu
Luckette (a.k.a. Layla Flaaffy)
Princess Ivy, Ivy's fursona.
Art of Ivy (by Chris)
This is what Chris actually believes.
IT'S ALL COMING BACK TO ME...
"FUCK IT'S EPISODE 2 ALL OVER AGAIN FUCKKKKK" - Vivian Gee [12]
Rape is imminent. On a more serious note: Chris fails at pantyshots.
OH SHI-! Ivy has been kidnapped by Clyde! IS CHRIS A BAD ENOUGH DUDE TO RESCUE HER?
Note Ivy's noodle arms and legs.
Rule 34 even applies to Chris's heartsweets.
Bondage: YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG!
Chris-chan Sonichu and Princess Ivy together.
Our heroes mourn Ivy's death, or something like that.
Art of Ivy (by others)
See also
Ivy Q&A
Soul Calibur
Vanessa Saga
References
↑ CWC Music Video Holding Out For a Hero
↑ CWC's Message for Ivy#Video
↑ Ivy Q&A
↑ Captain's Log, Stardate April 28th, 2009
↑ Ivy Q&A
↑ For My Sweetest Ivy
↑ Ivy Q&A
↑ List of Christian's edits to Encyclopedia Dramatica
↑ CWCipedia
↑ Jackie E-mails 26
↑ Other documents#Chris's wingman
↑ Sonichu - Special Episode 1! The Audiobook! Clyde VS Chris!
Ivy Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Ivy O'Neil
Vanessa Hudgens
Bob Chandler
Barbara Chandler
Rocky Shoemaker
Clyde Cash
Layla
Crass and Champ
Rachel
Flora
Ivy Q&A
April 16 Fetish Vids
Sonichu Special 1
Wedding Comic
Giant Penis Comic
CWC's Message for Ivy
Chris Sings Fart Song for Flora
STRANGLE THAT CLYDE CASH!!!
Holding Out For a Hero
Bunny Hop
Coinciding Sagas: Vanessa, Clyde Cash
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Ivy&oldid=347591"