Title: Jackie E-mails 30
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_E-mails_30
Categories: Category, Jackie E-mails
================================================================================

These e-mails were exchanged between Chris and Jackie between 4 July and 19 July 2011. Chris feels unappreciated by Jackie for the enormous effort he put into trying to meet her for the Fourth of July, and temporarily breaks off communication. This makes Jackie cry into her pillow for several days. Chris apologizes, and they talk on the phone. Whatever is said, it patches up the relationship to such an extent that Chris is persuaded to make several bizarre and disgusting videos for his sweetheart. Chris also gets a chance to speak with Jackie's drunk step-father, who reminds him of Hank Hill. Chris refers to himself as a "Small-Breasted TomGirl," indicating that he's already proud of his female sex characteristics, three years before declaring himself to be transgender.
July 4, 2011 4:24pm
One more thing: You say I "have a place a place for myself here available to return to" in your house. In all honesty, I'm afraid to set foot inside your house. The place is a disgusting pigstye because you refuse to clean any of it. Don't use your parents as an excuse for the millionth time, because you refuse to clean your own room or bathroom, too, no matter how many times I asked you to. So excuse me for not wanting to wade into that den of refuse. Excuse me for wanting to see you some place that wasn't so filthy and gross.
Jackie
July 5, 2011 10:48am
On the place of yours in C-Ville, I was referring to Your Parents' House; Why would I refer to My house in any way to be Yours at this time?
And in any case, I am feeling anger, disregard to my better interests, and lack of appreciation. I have Tried to make the trip within my limits, but my mother's concern takes precipice, and if I went anywhere over 100 miles from here without her blessing, I would only feel miserable over her worrying about me And her changing the locks, reporting me to the police and leaving me without a home to return to. She WOULD do all that too.
You obviously lack appreciation of me as a person of noble nature, yet mentally challenged and cautious. And because of this, I am putting communications with you on hiatus until you get your attitude cleared up and appreciations sorted out, and all of that sort.
Stay Safe, Jacklyn,
Christian.
July 5, 2011 2:59pm
Chris, I'm really hurting inside because I really wanted to see you. I didn't mean to take my anger out on you but sometimes it's so easy to let your dark side take over and hurt the ones you care about, you know? And now I feel the tears coming on again. I don't want to give up on us. Please don't give up on us. I need you to be my hero, not my romeo, right now. Can I call you so we can talk? Like, tonight around 10?
Jackie :'(
July 6, 2011 9:14pm
Chris, are you ignoring me? I've been calling the past two nights from 10 to 10:12. I want to work this out with you. :'( Why won't you pick up? Have you given up on us already? Have you given up on me?...
I feel so alone right now... so confused... maybe you're even ignoring my emails, too...
Jackie
July 9, 2011 5:04pm
I'm sorry for not reading your recent messages before today; I made a presumption of further aggression, and I was wrong. I am sorry for making you cry with my absence. And I am sorry for not answering your calls. I have been falling asleep earlier and getting up early lately. I have been fatigued from the stress of failing you, taking the aggression and all. Linnea has informed me of your trying to call me about Thursday in an e-mail.
If you still want to talk with me, call me Sunday the 10th or Monday the 11th at 8 PM.
I have a LOT to apologize with you for from this past weekend and the past week.
I also have been thinking about other things, to put into a perspective for myself, especially where Friendship stands and falls in the
following ladder (bottom to top). Acquaintance, *Friendship, Relationship, Love, Sex. Perhaps your input into the quandry may help.
Friendship (2) leads to Relationship (3); 3 leads to Love (4), and 4 leads to Sex (5). Yet I have before heard of 5 destroying 2; Acquaintance (1) skipping 2 towards any of 3 to 5; 5 without 4; 4 without the foundation of either 3 or 2. Also, I feel 5 breaking 2 is rediculous, because 2 is the stronger foundation towards 5, with 3 and 4 in between. Most adults currently have 3 and up in mind without the sweet foundation of 2, which leaves them too cautious, scared, paranoid and so on in Social Situations.
I grew up watching, enjoying and learning from Friendship, Caring and Sharing-encouraging programs, including "Care Bears", "My Little Pony", etc. Plus, I was educated with a great number of Coping Skills classes, yet after leaving Midlothian, I have lost a chunk, of that friendship-filled confidence, from leaving my good friends behind.
The Sonichu series was originally going to be a Friendship and Social-encouraging series with the dashes of action from defending the city and the adventures. Then I lost sight of that from unwanted negative criticisms, cyber-bullying and all that since November, 2007, which were great inspiration-killers.
Sundqy or Monday at 8 PM.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
July 9, 2011 6:14pm
My ponderings over where has the Friendship gone these days comes from my realization of me not understanding the rules therein. It sprouted from a question I asked myself Wednesday morning; I have learned and enjoyed friendship/caring/sharing programs, so why do I suck at making friends these days? I talked with my pastoral counselor, Rocky, about it later that day; she took my word-for-word thoughts down and drew up the Acquaintance-to-Sex ladder for me, which I had not thought of beforehand; good idea.
July 9, 2011 9:22pm
Hello Chris,
I feel as if I can finally breathe again. Since your last e-mail, I have deeply crashed into my canopy bed Rainbow Brite comforter where I have not moved in days. It was once white but now is stained with lots and lots of sticky mascara. I could not help this. :'( It is a miracle I was able to will myself to the bathroom to insert a tampon otherwise it would have became RED like Marilyn Monroe's before she crashed FOREVER! And I don't want to crash FOREVER so thank STARLIGHT you've finally replied.
However, I cannot call at 8 as I need to buy more Demon in the Dark soap at the mall! I will try calling at 10 instead because I also need to shave after so many days AWOL from the sun because of my crash. If I am a few minutes late, please still pick up. My mommy has our number privatized because my special cousin Dani couldn't stop pranking our local Food Lion.
Looking forward to working things out. :') :') xoxo
Sparkles,
Jackie.
July 10, 2011 6:50am
Dang. I made you stay in one place for Days crying? I am Really sorry about that. I have been there, days to weeks depressed in my room, plus last week where I've been feeling lonely and worried about you too, Jackie. You Do care about me.
You and I, we simply Have to meet up in person ASAP. We can talk about trying again to set that up later. I'll stay up tonight for your call.
Stay Safe with Hugs and Kisses,
Christian.
July 11, 2011 3:02pm
Here's the lapdance
BTW, I think I recall another similar video I have created for you in the past, if I am not mistaken; correct me if I'm wrong, with me dancing to a spanish-type song; its title escapes me.
TTYTonight.
Stay Safe,
<3<3<3
Christian.
July 11, 2011 7:47pm
Hello Chris!!
Here is the instructions for tomorrow's super romantic fantastic video staring ME AND YOU! xoxo
- I want you to get me, as your "sexy" blow up doll, all dressed up so I'm your twin! Give me gorgeous Little Mermaid red hair because I'm your ariel and you're my prince(ss)! Draw on my plastic skin with markers to make sure my make up is perfect. I want blue eyeshadow (since I knoooow Blue is your favorite and I'm your favorite!) and bright red cheeks! I want you to have loud, proud, gorgeous make up too! You can put it on in the bathroom at McDonalds if you want to avoid Mommy getting mad. I understand! Maybe you can get our make up on together on video in the bathroom! That would be so much fun! We'd be like, primping together for our date!
- Start the video in your room. Tell me about how you are here to whisk me away for Romance!! Pause it.
- Start recording again once you get to the Mcdonalds!! Hold the camera up after you park the car and tell me "guess where we are!! are you ready to have some fun??" because I so want to have fun with YOU, Chris!
- Bring me into the bathroom and film us!! We're super hot lesbians, like you said yesterday during the call! Let's be super hot lesbians together in the men's room! Scissor me baby! I want you to be my porn star!!! Heehee! I wanna see how you'd totally do it-- AS A LESBIAN. But keep your panties on baby because that's hot. A little ass and no skirt is fine tho!
- Upload by 8 pm and I will call you at 10 pm (give or take a few minutes).
KISSES!!! Thank you for being my magic tomgirl! Love ya, my AppleChris!
xoxo,
Jackie Pie.
July 12, 2011 6:04pm
**Top-to-Bottom; in that order.
Please forgive me for any faux-pas; I've misplaced my tripod, in part 4, I had to put the camera on a tissue box at an angle, and it was a Freaking Hot Day; near 100 degrees. So, for the summer weather, I would feel better if we kept any outside videos or such footage to a minimum.
I did take some fun for JUST between You and Me photographs (Please Do Not Share them with anyone else), including a close-up of my butt with your "J.Pie" name on it; it was difficult for me to angle the camera right, but after 20 or greater takes, I got it.
With that, in addition to the future vids, I will send you one fresh or recent photo of me or something close to me, such as a photo of my cats, which I've included in this e-mail as well, on a daily basis.
And, something else we can discuss tonight, I was thinking I can come to you next month; I'll have more money, and I would be most willful to your place and spend some time with you.
TTYL; Stay Safe,
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
July 13, 2011 9:52am
First, I have just checked my e-mail; I could not find one from you.
Maybe a mistype in the e-mail address happened; IDK. Anyway, I will
have the redone 4th part up later today for you.
Second, attached are some fun photos of Pokemon in my room; not toys.
It is a fun feature on the Free 3DS software from the eShop, Pokedex
3D, with augmented reality (AR). I have constructed a sturdy frame to
hold any of the over 150 AR codes for the 3DS camera to read and
recognize to put Pokemon in our world, out of Lego bricks and plate
pieces. The inner pieces are rearrangable with easy removal and
replacement. I found that I had enough black and white bricks, and
other plate pieces, to make two frames. It's just a little fun thing;
feel free to look up Pokedex 3D on Nintendo.com or GameFAQs.com to
learn more about it. Think of the fun we can have with this too; like
digital pets for real. :) I would have created the codes on papef,
but a) I was unsure of the size and number of pixels to draw. B) The
black ink quantity was an issue. C) I can't create on a computer and
print any out at this time. But this is better anyway; reusable and
changable.
Okie Dokie Lokie, I will check in again later with the video.
Have a good and safe day at the parlor, Sweetie. ;-*
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
July 13, 2011 10:08am
Here's a break down for you my pony-baby:
Re-do the last video where we do the nasty in the bathroom. I want you acting like a pornstar and flashing your panties at the camera. Draw a cutie mark on your cute widdle bottom and show it off! Make it be your Sonichu medallion- because that IS you to me and I accept you and it. Then, while you scissor me HARDCORE yell: "Who's your bronie? Yeah, who's your bronie! Yeah, TAKE it Jackie Pie! Take it from your nasty Apple-Chris!"
Do this for two minutes. Sing to me while you do it. Tell me wonderful things. Be my lesbian Bing Crosby. At the very end, I want you to burp and say "DELICIOUS"
*note: Bronie is pronounced BRO-KNEE.
Always your's xoxo,
Jackie Pie
July 13, 2011 4:36pm
Practice sex and panty flash
Plus, photo is skirt rewrite.
TTYL; Stay Safe, Sweetie.
Christian.
July 13, 2011 6:47pm
Hey Chris!
Y'know, I've always dreamed of being picked up by a sexy sassy sweet tomgirl at walmart! The most romantic thing a girl could want is to be be swept off her feet in a place with flowers, lingerie, urethral sounding implements, anal douches, propane, and propane accessories all within reach. Can you make a video like this one (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1tufujnbzU) where you shake your ass and show me how all the tomgirls be at walmart? I want you to hump the air, gyrate those hips, open and close your thighs, stick your head through your legs, wiggle your ass at the camera, and twirl around in a circle (throw some glitter in the air!). Go absolutely FUNKY and CRAZY! I'm squirming and my pussy's gushing like a fire hydrant just thinking about it! You do want to make me happy, right? This would surely get me so hot :D! and waiting for you if you play out this fantasy of mine. :)
Always your's xoxo,
Jackie Pie
July 14, 2011 4:03pm
These are the photos of the back of my fancier mini skirt that didn't show up on camera yesterday.
I have looked over the local Wal-Mart, and very cautious and observant, I scouted earlier today for an aisle hidden from the store's security cameras; I've found one aisle area in the auto dept. that is hardly visable of any cameras. This short "walla-walla" may be doable, but I still have my reasonable doubts with any passing witnesses. Being caught here is not an option for me.
Anyhoo, I pray that you're having a good and safe day at the parlor.
I'll TTYL; Stay Safe, Sweetheart.
<3<3<3<3
Apple-Chrisp.
July 14, 2011 7:23pm
iya Apple Chris!
Thanks for the deee-lish pictures! I cannot wait to see tomorrow's video. I'll be calling you at 10 PM after you send them, too :D Good luck tomorrow! And remember to REALLY rock that booty! And after you get done gyrating around the aisles, don't forget to finish up in the dressing room with a sexy tease ghetto booty shake show like you said you would on the phone! So, quick one the in aisle for about a minute, then two in the dressing room. Sing a bit if you can! But I wanna see some ass cheek, BARE NAKED ASS CHEEK, in that video so wear a thong and flip the skirt up so I can see. Draw a cutie mark in marker ON your booty skin so I can see, okay?? Either your tomgirl design or Jackie's Pie. K? :D
Always your's xoxo miss you!
Jackie Pie.
July 15, 2011 3:23pm
Firstly, I wish to apologize for only the dressing-room portion; the Wal-Mart was crowded, and as I have stated before, I did Not want to get caught Or risk being arrested. I was arrested twice before; One of which led me to being driven to a police dept., fingerprinted, photographed; damn close to jail time; thank god my family was around to pick me up and bail me out (there wasn't a bail to pay, but there Was a trial later, of which I was under a probational watch for half a year, then I was found innocent). (:0 *sigh* And I apologize for forgetting the glitter.
Second, I would appreciate it if from here on out, we have no more on-location (especially in a store or restaurant of any sort) videos.
On one hand, I'd have to record with my digital camera, which saves the video files in a format unreadable by any of my consoles, and would require a PC to either reformat it or directly upload it onto YouTube, which I have been using a computer at my nearest library to upload with. On the other hand, keeping the videos at home, and in my room, I can record videos with my PlayStation Eye Camera through the EyeCreate program, export the video onto the XMB in the readable format, and directly upload onto YouTube from there, saving me gas in driving to the library.
Third, I appreciate your ideas for videos, but allow me to surprise you with my own ideas for satisfying or serenading you in the future recordings. I promise to surprise you in the near future with a live from my room recording of a few cake farts (in one video). And I have come up with an idea for a method to add more air into me to create multiple farts for the occasion.
One last thing for now, I have been thinking further, I really want to make sure that I am well-compensated for my hard work for you in these videos (with regards to the deeds-for-"merchandise" deals I talked to you about the other night). You, Your Presence and Your Love Are most certainly worth all of the efforts from me. Another thing, actually, the practice sex in My room did turn you on; I feel it partially hard to grasp as to why we'd Have To spend our night(s) together in a hotel room, when I have demonstrated well that there is plenty of room in mine to get it on in and be comfortable. I'm just thinking of that for your benefit of saving money. Plus, before the deeds, and after our in-person meet-and-greet date, anyway, I really would appreciate you coming over to my house and meeting my mom and dad in person; they would appreciate it as well, and I am certain it will make them feel better to meet the woman I've been having sweetest conversations with and getting to know for the loong while.
That's all for now, and I will TTYTonight.
Have a good and safe day, Sweetheart.
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp
July 15, 2011 5:14pm
The part in the third paragraph in my last e-mail; I've remembered the discussion we had about that; I have informed you about some of the things I'd like already, with the Sailor Moon DVDs, the DS game and the Britney CD. So, please disregard that part of the e-mail.
I'll TTYL,
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp
July 16, 2011 1:36pm
Hey Apple-Chris!
Thanks for putting up with Daddy last night. I had gone out with my new co-workers for a drink after work and when I got home I saw that Mommy dearest had let him get into the liqueur cabinet again. Daddy's kinda bitter about [[Beavis and Butt-head|Mike Judge]] since they knew one another years ago and when you mentioned he was like Hank he flew off the handle. When he's sober he's TOTALLLY not like that but when he's got a lick o' drink the bitter-stuff just bubbles right on over and blows up!!
Anypoo, the Walmart video was supah kawaii! You're so good at booty droppin'. Next time we'll do the video at home, ok?? Teehee!!!
For Tuesday's video I would really, really like for you to do the [[Cakefarts|cake farts]] video!! I want you to get a hot little thong on and wear it. Then I want you to write, on your bare bottom cheeks, "Awesome Sauce!!" cos that's one of my favorite phrases when it comes to hot stuff, heehee. Write AWESOME on one cheek and SAUCE on the other NICE AND BIG so I can see it without squinting. Then I want you to buy a CHOCOLATE sheet cake and use that for the video!! I want you to start the video with it facing you. Ask the view "You know what I like the most?" then lick your lips and wink. Then say "Cake farts!". Then put the camera into position and start walking over to the cake all sexy like, like you were seducing it! Say "Let's get this DONE! oh yeah, mmmmm..."
Then settle down on top of it and go for a wild ride but super close enough so the camera can get a PERFECT view!! Fart like crazy!!! If you run out of gas, make noises and bounce that ass up and down!
When you're done getting that ass all cake-y, pick up the camera and focus it on your face... and eat some of that cake all sexy like for me! Roll your tongue and wink and make kissy faces while your face is SMEARED AND MESSY with it! Be a cute little cake monster for me!! Meow!!!
This way you can use your handy dandy ps-eye!! =D Sound hot?? I think so!!! I can't wait to hear your sexy sassy cute voice tell me these naughty things!!!
Looking forward to speaking to you after, too! 10 pm, Tuesday, Same time same lovey place!!!
Always your's xoxo,
Jackie Pie
July 16, 2011 11:49pm
About your step-daddy, I did not mean to actually compare him with Hank. Actually, it's something else. Straight-up: my family and I, we have received a number of abusive calls from someone or more who made bad impersonations of the character, "sellin' propane and propane accessories; boy, I tell you what" and such shit. To us, it was perceived as a bunch of Troll calls. And after hearing that talk from him that night, I felt suspicion, because he sounded Very close to what I have heard before. I am not accusing anyone, and I do not mean any offense; I just felt paranoid. Is it possible that your step-dad got my numbers from you and during past drunk episodes rang me and my family to give us abuse and hate? I mean, his voice was just Soo close to what I have heard before. I apologize if I've made you feel discomfort.
Topic change, the cake farts won't happen that soon, and I have told you before that I will surprise you with it soon. With that, I appreciate your enthusiasm with the sex-talk and all, but there is a limit to how much I can take for a time before it becomes monotonous and bothers me wrong. I feel it better if the really dirty talk is decreased; use it sparingly. And there are still a Lot of other things we can talk about; sex isn't everything, you know.
You are a truly delightful and radiant woman; don't "shoot yourself in the foot" with too much bad ammo (symbolically and metaphorically). Do you understand, Sweetheart? There is a time and place for everything.
I Like You; I Care about You; I Love You, Jacklyn. <3
I have another good surprise for you; I got an idea for a set of lyrics I'm going to write 'bout me being a "Small-Breasted TomGirl." You'll see in due time. :)
I have my own good ideas too.
B.T.W., if you have Netflix, check out the anime "Nana" through the Instant Streaming; it's one about two women both named Nana. It is good.
Stay Safe, Sweetheart.
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp.
July 17, 2011 7:58pm
Oh, Chris... I don't know... You told me you had something going on in your pocket for me and that you were horny, and now you are not? I am saving myself for you so I am perpetually horny. Have you been relieving yourself? I have not been. I have been keeping myself pure and a new-virgin just for you, my one and only. So please don't act like I am a machine. I am crying again now and I seriously cannot stop. I didn't mean this but I can't help it! I feel so let down and depressed. I really wanted to see cakefarts on Tuesday and now I will not. You told me about the surprise angle but you also told me on the call you were flexible with things since I was out making money for both of us and our future.
You wanted to see me for a week instead of a weekend and I said okay provided you really, really honored me with what I requested of you in return. I guess you're not going to now... I guess you don't want to see me for a week, either... I don't feel very loved now. I fell for your beautiful tomgirl ways and those eyes, those gorgeous eyes!!... I feel horrible and ugly and alone...That super cute and handsome voice of your's haunts my dreams and now... I feel kinda sick now, too. I got in major trouble that night for telling Daddy off because I hated to see him hurt you. He knows I'm dating a man now. As does Mommy... I came out to them and risked my neck because I thought you were worth that risk and effort... I got my chopsticks and perfume set taken away because of it... because all I wanted was you in my life...
Jackie
July 17, 2011 9:48pm
That's Not what I meant at all. I am still very horny for you. I was referring to the dirty talking. I want Very Much for our relationship to work for the very best. And I am going to continue to make the videos as you suggest, with my own twists. And I'm searching for an inexpensive chocolate sheet cake for the C.F. video.
Anyway, Remove all doubts from your head, because that's not the case at all. And I'm sorry about the trouble between you and your parents.
At least at this point where they know about us, they may get used to the idea (especially with Lars being long gone now (nothing intended)).
I am working and thinking hard on the Robbie/Vulva song and my own TomGirl song lyrics. I won't disappoint you, Sweetheart, I promise.
I Care about you a lot, Jackie-Pie, and I Love You.
Stay Safe. TTYL,
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp.
July 18, 2011 11:57pm
I found a nice chocolate and fudge cake for $9 at Wal-Mart. I cut myself a piece beforehand; it was goood. It also had square candy pieces I removed and ate as well. I showered later, and after becoming dry, I recorded the video with my PSEye. Unfortunately, I've found error in attempting to upload it, so I will make the library trip this afternoon. Attached are post-fart cake photos; I have a few more to send you later.
I pray you're not still broken up from that past e-mail; I've made a bad choice of words. The term "Dirty Talk" was misplaced from me when I typed it. I am very sorry for making you cry with my mistakes in word choice.
Please reply, so I'll know you're okay. And have a good and safe day.
Lots of Love,
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp.
July 19, 2011 12:50pm
Along with the "Awesome Sauce", as best as I can write it on the inner reaches of my behind. And check this out, I'm communicating with myself in a past time on my "Wrist Communicator" (3DS on my arm). LOL.
Have a good and safe day, Sweetheart. I'll TTYTonight.
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Kaka Apple Chrisp.
July 19, 2011 6:12pm
Hi Chris,
Bad news. Mommy decided to take away my laptop and internet and ground me for lying to her and my Dad about you. They also discovered the latest pair of chopsticks I bought on credit and are livid. :( I'm at a friends right now. I don't know when I'll be able to email or call you again because of this but hopefully it won't be for AGES and ages!
Always your's xoxo,
Jackie Pie
⇐ Jackie E-mails 29
Jackie E-mails
Jackie E-mails 31 ⇒
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie_E-mails_30&oldid=321433"