Title: Jackie
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_Romy
Categories: Articles of the Now, Jackie Saga, Concepts influenced by Idea Guy, Sweethearts, Trolls, People from the United States, People from Virginia
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. She was primarily played by Alec Benson Leary.[1]Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
The Idea Guys were here.
Chris was brainwashed into believing that Jackie was from the Hyperdimension Neptunia universe and that she was real.[2]
“
And you will be safe, as long as I do not talk about you at all online
”
Every good show needs some foreshadowing
“
Just accept that you won't be respected as an adult and that you won't be getting a girlfriend or sex... ever
”
Jackie, telling it like it is
Jacklyn Romy
Information
Name
Jacklyn Romy
Gender
Female
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Magazine editor
Jacklyn "Jackie" Romy is a boyfriend-free girl troll whom Chris met on The HooK Café. She became his sweetheart from April-October 2010, and Chris made her many videos. According to one of Chris's leaked Facebook statuses in February 2012, he had resumed contact with her, before blocking her that April after several private videos Chris made for her were leaked onto the Internet. However, in May, he re-friended her on Facebook.
Contents
1 Jackie's Hook Cafe Profile (Username Luv2Jax)
1.1 Sexy sweetie looking for love
1.2 Characteristics
1.3 Profile
1.4 Habits
1.5 Personality
1.6 Deeper
1.7 Fill It
1.8 In and Out
2 First contact
3 Lars
4 The Halloween Contest
5 Tomgirl Saga
6 In the comic
7 Sources
Jackie's Hook Cafe Profile (Username Luv2Jax)
Jackie's Hook Cafe Profile
Sexy sweetie looking for love
I'm a little shy about this, but here goes... I'm looking for a guy between about 26-30 (I like my guys a little older, just call me old fashioned I guess) who is tall, has an athletic build, straight teeth, and a good smile. I don't really care what you do so long as you're driven; I care more about a nice sense of style and outgoing personality. I want someone who doesn't need to be with someone but wants to because he knows how amazing it can be!
Things I like to do, let's see... I love to go biking, it'd be nice if you did too. I love to play golf as well. I like to go out afer work, go to dinner, cook dinner together (I LOVE to cook), spend the weekend at my family's cabin, travel, road trip and have sex. Lots and lots of sex. (not gonna lie!) Probably during some of the activities I just listed... I want that chemistry that is so strong, just a kiss can lead to wanting to have sex right then and there...
I suppose you want to know a little about me, hm?
I'm 5'3", slender, I don't smoke (HATE it) but I drink once in a while. I graduated college last year and I work as an editor for a magazine. I love every day. I run in road races. Oh, and I shop. I shop a LOT. :) Most importantly, I want that special someone I can share my life with and start a family with.
If you're reading this and you feel like it describes you, I hope you'll email me back!
Characteristics
Gender: Woman
Current Status: Single
Looking for: Friends, Casual Dating, Long-term Relationship
Body Type: Slender, Petite, Curvy
Eyes: Hazel
Height: 5' 03"
Hair Type: Red
Age: 22
Seeks: Man for Dating, Man for Friendship
Profile
Education: College graduate
Ethnicity: Caucasian
Religion: Unitarian
Political Leanings: Independent, Kinky
Neighborhood: Charlottesville
City: Charlottesville
Occupation: Magazine Editor
Have Children: No
Want Children: Yes
Habits
Smoking: Never
Drinking: Sometimes
Drugs: Not interested
Personality
I get around town via: Car, Bycicle, Walk
My dietary preferences are: No red meat
I spend my free time: Reading, Sex, Creating, Working out, Watching movies, Shopping, Biking, Frisbee Golf
Funniest Thing: A monkey on roller skates
Deeper
If you could have a dinner party and invite any 4 people, dead or alive, who'd be coming?
Wilt Chamberlain, Queen Elizabeth I, Leonardo Da Vinci and Liberace.
What's under your bed? My old Playstation... it's my guilty pleasure!
Two books that everybody should read are Of Mice and Men and the Great Gatsby.
Fill It
I'm an open-minded person, but bigotry is a deal-breaker.
Design your ideal mate: the brain of a Andy Warhol and the body of a Brad Pitt
People say my smile is my best feature.
The first section I turn to in the Hook is ... ask me...
The quickest way to my heart is good cooking The quickest way to my bed is strong, muscly arms' And in the morning, I like my eggs cooked basted
The last concert I attented was Crash Test Dummies
My favorite cartoon as a kid was Digimon
Dogwood is my favorite local festival.
I wouldn't sell my body for a billion dollars.
Christina Ricci is the celebrity I've been told I resemble.
P.F. Changs is my favorite restaurant.
In and Out
The Corner or Downtown Mall
Blockbuster or Sneak Reviews
Best Buy or Sidetracks
Wireless or Landline
Aristocrat or Grey Goose
Beatles or Stones
CD or MP3
Carmike or Vinegar Hill
Dogs or Cats
Summer or Winter
Black or Brown
Bars or Stay Home
Kroger or Whole Food
PC or Mac
Wheel of Fortune or Grey's Anatomy
Steak or Salad
Steak or Sushi
Cavaliers or Redskins
Casket or Cremation
Fax or Email
Dyed or Natural
Pumps or Flats
Beach or Mountains
SUV or Sedan
First contact
Jackie corresponded with Chris in a series of emails spanning from 5-21 April 2010. The exchange culminated in a rather disturbing video outlining Chris's knowledge of cunnilingus in lurid detail. She would also revive the GAMe PLACe Saga by getting him to revisit the store in an attempt to get unbanned.
At the end of the month, Jackie sent a slew of e-mails criticizing him for his laziness and his lack of loyalty, which was prompted by her discovering the CWCki. Chris denied all of her accusations, ending with her ceasing communication with him for 2 months. The relationship rekindled when Jackie would discover one of Chris's Flipnote Hatena animations, where he gave a shout-out to her. While Jackie would initially start emailing him out of confusion and frustration, their conversations turned casual and they would start talking regularly.
By September 2010, Chris and Jackie had settled down into a friendly long-distance correspondence, as evidenced by their chats, which covered a range of topics featuring open and honest content. In September 2010, Jackie repeatedly asked Chris to draw very specific pictures of the two of them having sex. As Jackie had a gangbang fetish, she requested that Chris draw multiple men masturbating to the sight of Chris and Jackie having sex.[3] Chris repeatedly attempted to cop out of the deal by either drawing women or somehow concealing the male genitalia on their onlookers (at one point claiming that a puddle of semen counted as one man who had finished masturbating and left the scene). On May 6 2012, a fourth picture was released, this time showing the pair having sex in a pool as two pairs of feet look on. Jackie has an odd resemblance to Lois Griffin.
Lars
An artist's depiction of Lars.
Lars McNulty is Jackie's ex-boyfriend, whom Jackie left over his ridiculous obsession with model boats (which he eventually stopped buying upon realizing that it was an unhealthy addiction). He also made Jackie have an abortion against her will, and later distributed nudes of Jackie to a troll[4] and sent her a boat made of popsicle sticks, with a condom for a sail.[5] Egged on by Jackie, Chris developed an intense fixation on Lars and released a number of videos mocking and attacking his erstwhile rival.
Lars Paradise by Java Jake
Chris's first video addressing Lars appeared on 25 September, in which Chris proves who is the bigger and stronger man by smashing a model boat made of Lego. A second video appeared two days later, where Chris gloats over how Lars has lost Jackie, explains how he will fulfill her every desire, and warns Lars not to mess with her — or Chris will intervene. Three days after that, he continued to mock Lars's interest in boats and set to babbling about tape dispensers. (An extended version of this third video appeared on 2 October.)
Subsequent videos in the first two weeks of October addressed other subjects, but Chris returned his attention to Lars in a fourth video released in the wee hours of 15 October. There, a drunk Chris sported a do-rag and accused Lars of spreading the old rumor that he's a homo.
On 6 November, audio was released of a call between Lars and Chris, who shockingly got along well with Lars after a while. Lars was portrayed by Alec Benson Leary mimicking an exaggerated Ebonics dialect, which Chris eventually started to emulate.[6]
The Halloween Contest
The Cosplays
On September Jackie would make Chris cosplay as Mr Popo for her, which he would agree to do. This seemly gave Jackie an idea, as on the same day she gave Chris a challenge, to make a cosplay video for every day of October. He would initially refuse it, which made Jackie cry, but after some rule verifications Chris would be completely on board. Most of Chris's cosplays are bizarre depictions of the characters that most would not recognize if not told who it's supposed to be.
Chris would make a video daily for most of the month, but in the last few days he would fail to produce the videos Jackie wanted. This would cause her to break up with him in November, sending him a series of incredibly long-winded emails, chastising him for every single one of his flaws. She would then go back to dating Lars.
Tomgirl Saga
For months, Jackie and Chris wouldn't communicate much, with maybe an email or two every month. This all changed on March 2011, when Chris would tell Jackie about his awakening as a Tomgirl, also sending her a bunch of photos of him in feminine attire. Jackie would respond during April, supposedly turned on by the images and said that 'I liked the appetizer, but I'd really love a main course!'. She explained in a subsequent e-mail that Lars had gone on a bender, and while she still wanted him as a friend they were not in a relationship anymore. This opened the gate for Chris and Jackie's relationship to continue.
Jackie used Chris's much more disturbing appearance to get him to create much more disturbing content, such as the now infamous Cakefarts, along with many other videos of Chris doing degrading acts. These videos all supposedly turned Jackie on, despite them all being nothing but horrifying. Jackie would offer Chris sex in return for these videos, but for obvious reasons this would never happen
This saga was abruptly cut short when Bob died. Chris would send an email to Jackie grieving over his loss, and getting mad at the grim reaper for making him die so early. According to Marvin, Chris had a phone call with Jackie where he cried and sobbed over Bob's death, though it was never released out of respect. This is the last known interaction between Jackie and Chris, likely due to Jackie finding it immoral to troll Chris while he was grieving.
In the comic
When Chris resumed Sonichu in 2017, he decided to include events that had happened during the years-long hiatus which began in 2009. Jackie and a character she created in 2011 named Vulva Pie[7] are featured in Sonichu #12. In the story, Vulva has a fling with Robbie Sonichu in summer 2011, which is cut short when Jackie, her mother, dumps Chris and leaks the content she got from him, compelling them both to go "on the lam".
The Man in the Pickle Suit explained Vulva's name:
We came up with the name "Vulva Pie" during Jackie and we didn't explain to Chris what it meant.[8]
He's too autistic to change it now. Her name is Vulva in his head, and while he's annoyed that trolls got him to name her that, it's too late now as far as he's concerned.[9]
Sources
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/question-about-jacky.994/post-65366
↑ Idea Guy Q&A
↑ Jackie E-mails 14
↑ Jackie Chat 2
↑ Jackie Chat 3
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/abl-q-a.805/#post-54378
↑ July 2017 Patreon posts#Alt-Cover
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/7-17-sonichu-12-pages-15-26.32353/page-3#post-2434229
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/7-17-sonichu-12-pages-15-26.32353/page-4#post-2434568
Jackie Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Jacklyn Romy • Lars McNulty • Sydney Kirsch
Emails and Chats
Emails: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Acts of Love:
Halloween Contest:
For J-R's Eyes Only.MOV
Song for Jackie.MOV
Lars' Ship has Sunk.MOV
Lars Is Jivin'.MP4
Tomgirl Pictures
Cakefarts
Chris and Jackie's Date
DivineTrial
Grimace Cosplay
Clyde Cash Cosplay
Alec and Liquid Cosplay
Cherokee Cosplay
Chris-Chan Sonichu Cosplay
Cleveland Cosplay
Pregnant Act
Breast Cancer Awareness
Coinciding Sagas: GAMePLACe, First Exile, Calling Out, Second Exile
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie&oldid=347962"