Title: Jackie E-mails 8
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_E-mails_8
Categories: Category, Jackie E-mails
================================================================================

These e-mails between Chris and Jackie cover the period 6 August to 19 August 2010. Chris misinterprets Bob being tired of Chris's shit for preparing a trap for the trolls. Bob has set up an arrangement that could actually bring Chris's spending under control; naturally, Chris hates not being allowed to continue the path that got him into the situation in the first place. Chris has sold a surprising 36 games, but of the $42 he receives, he deposits $10 and keeps $32 in his pocket (and thus, out of Bob's attention or influence). Jackie asks again why he involved Rocky in his financial affairs and brings back up what Chris tried to ignore and forget: getting off of the tugboat. Chris avoids these issues.
Instead, Chris tells Jackie he masturbated to her instead of drawing her. Jackie plays along with talk of Masturbating and squirtin', suggesting they meet in the men's locker. Chris claims he wants somewhere gender-neutral, and immediately suggests he sneak into the women's locker instead.
Chris sounds off like an ad for LittleBigPlanet, confirming how easily influenced he is to even the most basic brainwashing techniques. He basically says it doesn't count as feeding his debt because it's a very addictive game, add-on costs be damned.
Chris liked Cannibal Holocaust, misinterpreting its depiction of rape as "playful."
Emails
August 6, 2010 - 11:53am
Thank you, Sweetheart, for your encouragement.
Just to update, my father has been really on his high horse and not only been loud a lot to me and the other people he has been talking to lately, but also thinking of getting even with the trolls with a set-up of me to plant the seed of. We're going to close my account at BB&T, and he's going to monitor it and take major control of my finances at Bank of America. An account for me will be opened there, he'll be holding onto the Debit Card for there, he'll be taking out his monthly amounts and giving me the majority of my funds in Visa Gift Cards. I do not like it, because I am responsible with the Debit Card; I can get the Gift Cards for Online Use Myself. Lately it's been too much for me.
On another note, actually, I Pawned off 12 NES, 3 SNES, 6 Genesis, 9 Game Boy and 6 PSOne Games for a total of $42 at Snooky's Pawn Shop. I put ten of it in my bank and pocketed the rest. I had a total of 23 PSOne games, but they passed on the latter of them for a scratch or two. And I also tried to pawn my Game Boy Pocket, but they would not take it because it was too old technology. I'm thinking of donating the 17 PSOne games and the Game Boy Pocket to Goodwill, unless I can find someone else who is buying the old stuff.
I did not reply yesterday, because I was feeling down, and I was going out of the house three times in all, so I took the remaining time for my self recovery.
The new Wal-Mart opens on the 16th of this month, and I have not heard anything from them yet; I'll be going down there later today to talk to them. They were looking to hire 400 local people; they may have reached their 400th employee, IDK.
I gtg, but I'll e-mail you later.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 6, 2010 - 4:04pm
Hey Chris!
Don't worry, I figured you were probably dealing with stuff yesterday. I'm glad you wrote today.
I wouldn't hold your dad getting loud with you against him, Chris. I mean, this was a pretty big deal; he had to bail you out of a huge debt you had - about $770, right? That's not pocket change. And this isn't the first time you've goofed like this, you've been telling him that you had learned from your mistakes when you hadn't, so I can understand why he's mad. But you should just tell him that he's right and that you know you messed up, he'll be happier if he knows how sorry you are for violating his trust. Has he said anything about the playstation 3? I mean, he must know it's the real source of all your spending woes.
But I'm glad you got rid of so many games! Maybe next time you should bring some of your more current games, like for the PS2, PS3, gamecube, wii, and x-box. Those are all still current so I'm sure that they won't get turned away, and you can get a lot more cash for them.
So your dad has some plot to get even with the trolls? You didn't really explain that part, what do you mean exactly? It's good that you're getting another bank account so whoever did this can't track your account again. I think it's kind of a good idea for him to hold on to your debit card and manage your money for you, because this way you won't be tempted to spend so much money on the PSN. You know, I looked up that Little Big Planet game, and that thing is a complete money sink! They designed it just to swallow up your money by charging you for every little character, costume, and level piece you download, I really think you should get a refund on your pre-order for that game; having that game will only tempt you to fall back into your addiction cycle. I mean, how much have you spent in total on the first Little Big PLanet? In fact, would you please tally it up for me, like every DLC item and everything, and send it to me? I'd really be curious, plus I think just tallying it up and writing it down will kind of illustrate it for yourself just how much of a money sink it is.
Now what's the deal with your church counselors that you mentioned last time? Is your dad working with them to help work out a payment plan so you can repay your dad, or something like that? How often do you see them, every week at church? Will you see them this Sunday? You should talk to them about the subject then, I'm sure they can help you figure out how to pay your dad back. But selling all those games is a great start, I'm sure your dad will be happy when you give him the $32 from your first sale. :)
Ooh, I just thought of something perfect! I bet your church has charity auctions and sales for needy families and stuff like that, right? You should talk to your counselors about donating all those games and systems that the stores won't take! I know it's old stuff, but I'm sure there's tons of less fortunate kids who would love to have games when their families can't afford them! I bet your counselors will be just thrilled when you talk to them about it, let me know how it goes!!
I wouldn't be too discouraged if Wal-Mart hasn't called you back yet, sometimes businesses can get behind in that sort of stuff, just call them up and ask where they are in the process. Have you thought any more about the plan to push for full-time and get yourself off the social security? I think now that this whole series of ugly events has happened, this is a great time to just try to start anew, pull yourself up by your bootstraps, and make some positive changes, since things are already changing anyway. In fact, you might want to apply at a few other places around town, just in case the Wal-Mart thing falls through. We're approaching fall and a lot of part-time kids are leaving their jobs and going back to school, so I'm sure there are plenty of businesses that will be looking for replacement workers.
XOXO
Jackie
August 8, 2010 - 12:57pm
Things have lightened up a bit, but we're still recovering. My father has not said much about the PSN stuff; he's more in mind of the banking re-situating and such. I am going to continue with the purchase of LittleBiGPlanet 2, and I'll tally up the LBP1 items for you later (I have been hand-writing an inventory of each item, price, size and monetary information since After the first time it was hacked into, including All times before then). Note, I got some of the items for Free, such as the Metal Gear Solid Level Kit and Costumes; I Earned them from after submitting a level commemorating the 2nd Year Anniversary of the Playstation 3 I had created (they gave me a PSN Voucher Code for said DLC).
I do not know what my father will have in mind for a counter-attack against the Trolls, but he is aware of Junior Jenkins, and I am certain he'll cook up something after this bank trial is done. Also, he is not in alliance with Elizabeth and Rocky currently, but the goal is the same.
I GTG, but I'll TTYL.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 8, 2010 - 4:14pm
Hey Chris. I was wondering what happened, you didn't write yesterday.
I can't wait to see the Little Big Planet tally. I bet it comes out to being a lot of money. But remember Chris, just because you got some of the DLC for free doesn't make it any better - this is about your addiction, ANY amount of stuff you get for it just fuels the addiction. In fact, getting free stuff is worse than paying for stuff, because its only going to lull you into actually paying for more stuff.
I'm disappointed that you're still getting Little Big Planet 2. I've looked into the game, it's basically just a money trap. The whole point of the game is to drop hundreds of dollars on stupid content and costumes for your characters that you don't even need. It's a lot worse than any other typical game, where you just pay for the game once and that's it. I really don't get how you intend to pay for all that DLC while at the same time claiming you've learned from your spending mistakes, but whatever. Like I said, the free DLC is still bad because not only does it draw you to pay for other DLC, but it draws you into buying more DLC. It's not about the money Chris, it's about the fact this stuff dominates your life.
As far as your church counselors, I asked if they and your father are working together to deal with your spending habits, and you kind of ignored my question. Like I said, I really don't get how they can help you deal with the trolls. I thought church was something you used to help you work on YOUR issues, not help you get back at internet bullies, but whatever. Honestly Chris, these video games are a deathtrap for you but you don't seem to care about getting over them or making improvements to yourself.
As proof you don't care, most of your last email was just a long paragraph bragging about all the DLC you got. And I can point to a number of other emails you've sent me where the longest section was talking about video games. Free stuff is worse because you seem to think it's okay, but it's lulling you into a false sense of security.
You didn't answer my questions about if you have thought more about a full-time job or getting off the social security either; you know I take time to write you every day, I kind of wish you would do the same and respond to my questions. This worries me because it feels just like before, when you started ignoring me and then brushed me off because you didn't like answering me when I was talking to you and trying to get to know you. I can handle getting an answer I don't agree with, you know, but it's disrespectful to pretend you didn't hear the question in the first place.
Sigh... I'm just frustrated. I wish you would put more effort into me, is all.
Jackie
August 9, 2010 - 2:06pm
Jackie, I am putting a lot of effort into our relationship. I seriously had to cut my e-mail short yesterday, because my family and I were going out for an outing. Please allow me to resume my e-mail to answer your questions.
Firstly, my father is not currently in alliance with Elizabeth and Rocky over some emotional differences from his point of view. My father does more for helping me quell my spending habits, Rocky only advises me, and Elizabeth, while supportive as the pastor she is, is out of the loop.
I do go to church to help me resolve some of my own personal issues, as well as space the trolls away from me emotionally. The church has nothing to do with bullying the Trolls back.
As for the LittleBigPlanet Add-On talley, it totals to over $100. I get it. <|(
I'm sorry, I am just soooooooooo stressed from the past week, and the fight still marches on until we get this whole financial mess the Trolls started resolved. For Each of Every One of those damn idiots, I Pray that I, Christian Weston Chandler, Haunt their Dreams, giving them all Nightmares, EVERY SINGLE NIGHT. I loathe them all soo much.
I have not been able to think further about the full time job or getting off the social, because I've been dealing with the above mess.
*Sigh*
Jacklyn, I am not, and I promise never to ever, ignore your questions or concerns. I would have answered them all yesterday, but I had to go out, and I am sorry for not resuming the message after my later return. But I have answered them now.
I do not want there to be anything to ever break us up; I want you and me to be together. You are the sweetest, most understanding and caring woman I have had the blessing to be in a relationship with in my lifetime. I want you with me ASAP and for a very long time after that. I am very fond of you, Sweetheart.
I also thought up a cute idea of how to draw you earlier today; you in a sexy pose. ;) You get me turned on; I rubbed one out shortly after that image, as well as another idea. Me coming up from behind you, kissing you, taking your pants off then mine, you lean against a wall, and I move your panties to one side of your pussy, then putting my dick in you. Feel free to pick any scene; kitchen, bedroom, public restroom, locker room, etc. Does the idea of getting caught turn you on?
But enough of the fun for now. Where are you now? I still count the days until the 18th. Let's set the meet definitely for the 20th at the Starbucks near the China King Buffet at 1:00 PM. I promise you we will share a good day together.
I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 9, 2010 - 3:13pm
Hey Chris! I'm really sorry about my last email, I was just having a really crummy day and I got short with you. Forgive me? ;)
So, Rocky is your counselor, and Elizabeth is the pastor? Tell me more about Rocky. Do you think she'd like me? I admire her for helping you, I think she and I have that in common. What do you guys do during your meetings? I hope you have fun with her. I used to go to church when I was a kid but I never really got into it, the whole idea of confessions kind of turned me off.
So you tallied up the Little Big Planet purchases? I'm so happy that you get it now, sometimes it's hard to see unless you force yourself to look at the hard facts. Well, I'm glad that you see now how much of a waste that Little Big Planet is. Forgive me for if I sounded rude but I just don't want you falling into that trap again, sweetie. Maybe you could talk to your dad about how you were thinking of purchasing it, I'm sure he'd be happy to know you've re-thought it. It's like I say Chris, right now pretty much every little thing you can do for your dad to get brownie points won't be a waste, so make sure to let him know about your new decision to cancel the purchase. :)
It sucks that the trolls forced you to reveal your money woes to your dad before you were ready to. I'm sorry, I haven't been asking about that lately! Did you ever get those overdraft fees reversed? Or is that still in the works? Although it's good that things are looking up now. I know you weren't happy about the idea of talking to your dad about your card when I first suggested it, but it's good that you finally manned up to your mistakes. I know it sucks but it's really the right situation, you're an addict and you need help to deal with your situation. Like I said, you should really look at this not as a disaster, but as an opportunity for positive change. Hating the trolls won't fix what you've done - self-improvement begins with you. :)
I kind of like your sexy idea ;) I was thinking of something in particular: You know you described your fantasy about having sex in the pool in the guys' locker room? I'd love to make it a reality. Can you show me a preview by drawing us together in a pool? We would just be tearing at each other; but then we get caught! A bunch of guys come in surrounding the pool and just stare at us, but we're so enamored with each other, making such passionate love, that we just don't care and we keep going! And then all the guys get turned on by watching us, and they start jacking themselves off into the pool... circle-jerking is such a huge fantasy of mine! Do you think you could draw something like that for me?
Oh Chris, I'm so hot right now, I feel like I could squirt... I look forward to hearing from you,
XOXOXO
Jackie
August 11, 2010 - 4:33pm
WOW! You are a wild woman. ;) I will consider drawing that scenario as a second drawing. But when talking of locations with gender differences, let's keep it neutral in fantasy discussion. For example, I could be finding you alone in a women's locker room and doing you there. And I am sure there would be women along with the men awing us around the pool. I would really like to make the pool sex a reality between you and me too, but we'll wait until after we're together and we can scout around and plan it out. ;)
Anyway, the other topics of your last e-mail. Rocky is a kind and understanding woman in her 40s (I think). During our meetings, we usually just hang, talk and listen. She offers me reasonable solutions or advice when applicable to my situations in life. She also has a good family who she talks with often. Her son works with RockStar Video Games (the company behind such titles as Grand Theft Auto).
I think Rocky and everyone in my congregation would like you too. My church does not have confessions, but if felt needed, you may confide with Rocky or Elizabeth. The weekly services are usually very pleasant. There are good songs. The sermons link respectively with the readings from the Bible. And there's fellowship afterwards with refreshments. I invite you to join me one Sunday or more. :)
Aside from the financial traps of the additional costume pieces, LittleBiGPlanet is still a Fun, Great game. It became the Leader in the concept of "Play, Create, Share". And it is fun from the In-Game Story Levels, Custom Level Creations, and All of the Published Levels on the Servers (Including my own; I also have a "Fun First Date" Level I would be very happy to share with you side-by-side). :) Mainly, the first game is a Platformer, and in the 2nd game they're expanding with MANY Awesome Upgrades of which the viewpoints can be changed, among a LOT of other things. LBP 2 is going to be more than Play, Create, Share Platformer (and tweaked levels to look like other games), but Play, Create, Share ALL GAME FORMATS. "LittleBiGPlanet; it is a Planet that is Little, it is a Planet that is Big. LittleBiGPlanet." A motto for the game I made up. I'm just saying don't knock it for the pricey, Optional add-ons alone; play the game for yourself.
I intend to boycott future LBP Add-On Purchases, but as a fan, I am still going to get LBP 2. Give me credit for Selling over 50 of my old games. You can still remain proud of me, Sweetheart. ;)
All of the bank issues are still in the works; I am uncertain of when it will all be resolved for now, but hopefully it will be before the end of this month. And you are right of it being an opportunity for self-improvement from the whole ordeal. My family and I still have our angst against the trolls; they will be dealt with eventually.
I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweetest, Sweetheart. :-*
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 13, 2010 - 3:00pm
I haven't received an e-mail from you for a short while. Are you closing in on Sweet Home Virginia? :)
As for me, it's currently good and same-ol, same-ol. The banks and the credit card are still in limbo with the pending fees and such. My mom and dad are doing okay.
I watched "Cannibal Holocaust" the other day. It was okay, but seeing the tearing apart of a monkey's skull, a whole big turtle and even seeing that dude's dick get cut off bothered me. But it's Hollywood magic; fake dummies, motorized limbs, prop guts and all, so I get over the feeling with that perspective. I liked the part where the professor lured out the women of the tribe to play with him in the water. And I see the whole parody and comical portions of the movie.
Speaking of favorite movie parts, from "Pink Flamingos", I enjoyed the part where they held the "Kangaroo Trial" at the site of their burned down trailer. Especially the Court Stand they had there; the Trailer burned down. Where did they get it from? Did they swipe it on the way back to the Trailer or what? LOL
So, where are you now? Are you still safe and sweet? What's the good word with you, Sweetheart? I still look forward to our meeting on the 20th at the Starbucks at 1:00.
Lots of Love for you. ;)
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 13, 2010 - 7:55pm
Hey Chris. Sorry I haven't written in a bit, been a bit busy.
Well actually, that scene with the professor taking the women into the water was a pretty disturbing and violent rape scene. I don't get why that was your favorite part? Also, all the animals that were killed in that movie were actually killed, there was no hollywood magic about it. The makers of the movie got sued by PETA over animal cruelty violations.
So how are your parents? How have they been feeling in the wake of all this stuff? And hey, how are your drawings of me coming?
Sorry I don't have much time to talk, but things are just really busy and crazy for me right now. I'll try to write more a little later, but I just wanted to let you know I'm thinking of you. Arghh, all these distractions...
XOXO
Jackie
August 15, 2010 - 5:28pm
Post-Financial Traumas, my parents are recovering okay. My father got to have some fun of his own with mom (and me today) when they went to a Stamp Convention in Richmond Friday (just got back from a return trip with me invited for today). My father is a good stamp collector; he has a grand collection (Not as GRAND as his Record Collection, LOL. But I guess he would have enough postage to send his records anywhere He goes). He found some fun rare vintage stamps that he got a kick out of seeing on display. I found a fun little souvenir there for myself; I spent 4 bucks on a set of the 10 Sylvester and Tweety Stamps from 1997, plus 2 more of the bigger portion with one stamp each. First time I laid eyes on the familiar image from seeing it on Television and Post Office way back then, I knew I had to have that. These are self-adhesive stamps, F.Y.I. Anyway, I'm a bit worn from the driving and walking with dad today. I will have your drawing for you tomorrow.
I am very happy to hear from you again, and I understand how busy you are on your final days of your U.S.A. trip. I look forward greatly to Friday when we meet. Let me hear the details from you in your reply of Where and What Time we're planning to meet on Friday for good confirmation. :) F.Y.I., I tend to be about a quarter hour or less early, so I pray you'll be early or on-time. I Truly want you and me to Hook Up and take our Relationship further.
Also, another note, it is confirmed that I will have a minimum $20 in my wallet for Friday, and another 20 in my bank account that I'd use ONLY if Needed after what comes out of my wallet. I promise you that we will still have a good time together; any suggestions you have for our day/night together during the time will be accepted and applied for reply and to Do.
I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweet, Sweetheart.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 16, 2010 - 6:22pm
Hey Chris! Sorry again I've been so busy and not written much, you know how it is.
Well, as for the date when we have it, hmm, I'll have to think about where we can go. I like to keep first dates kind of low key and informal, just kind of go with the flow, but we can talk more about it.
I'm looking forward to our date, too! :) So I was wondering if maybe you could get that drawing to me soon? I'm really looking forward to seeing how sexy you can make it for me, just like I described ;) I'd really love to have your drawing before we meet so I can have something to enjoy as a preview... Tomorrow I'm going to have the hotel room mostly to myself, and if I have your picture I can enjoy it in more ways than one, if you know what I mean... ;) Get it to me by 9pm your time tomorrow so I can take full advantage of it!
XOXO
Jackie
August 16, 2010 - 6:43pm
I hear you clearest; I'd like it low key and informal too, and seeing as we go with the flow is good. I can do it sexier, but here's the start for you. ;) You're making me hard with what you said about what you may do in the hotel room.
I'll say it one more time to make sure we got our starting location in place. The Starbuck, next door to the Radio Shack, in the same shopping center area as the China King Buffet, across the street from Fashion Square Mall, on Siminole Trail in Charlottesville, VA. :)
And, also, please give me a call on my cell 434-760-0848Thursday at about 7:00 PM to final-confirm our date.
Stay Safe and Sweet,
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 16, 2010 - 7:30pm
Ooh, That's a sweet picture!! You make me look so sweet! But I can't wait to have the real picture of the little "pool party" I talked about. I'm getting excited just thinking of how you'll do it! Remember to get it to me by the time I said, Sweetie!!
XOXO
Jackie
August 17, 2010 - 5:00pm
I'm happy you liked my rendition of you. I'll have the drawing of the "Pool Party" by Friday; I'll hand you the original drawing in my car.
I've recently drew up my own rorschach drawing; I took pen in hand on blank paper, closed my eyes, and drew freely. It's very good in seeing what's in the subconsious. Especially when seeing it from all four rotations. Right-side-up, I saw a sexy woman (probably you). ;)
But in the other three rotations, I saw some nightmarish items, including a snapping turtle head, leering eyes, a human foot and even a hooded stranger. They're either from me recently watching the "Cannibal Holocaust", or my head is stressed. I'm attaching the drawing; you print and tell me what you see in all four rotations; what I saw I wrote respective in that side up.
I am soooo happy to be meeting you very soon; I need a sweet, beautiful woman like you to help me feel more relaxed and at peace. :)
Thank God also that the bank issues will be resolved and completely straightened out about this or next week.
Please sooth my head for me, Sweetheart.
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
August 17, 2010 - 7:18pm
Chris, what do you mean Friday? I wanted that drawing today! Couldn't you have made it for me?
Chris, I'm feeling a little stressed myself. I was really hoping you could do this for me as I asked. It took you weeks to get me just an ordinary drawing after I asked, and now you won't give me the sexy drawing like I needed? How am I supposed to have "fun" (wink wink) by myself without it? I have a feeling if I had asked for a modnation racer level instead of a drawing, you would have gotten that to me quickly enough.
You know, something actually came up on my trip that I was going to turn down, but now I'm kind of having second thoughts about meeting so soon... Here's the short of it: A friend of mine is in engineering school in Indiana. She was supposed to come drive out to visit us this week in Virginia but her car is completely dead, I don't know the story but apparently it's going to cost more to fix than the thing is worth and she can't really afford a plane ticket right now, and her parents can't get her one either. She was going to just stay in Indiana but after a long talk we all decided we are going to go see her there, since it's been almost two years since we've seen her and I barely get a chance to even talk to her much these days. We're going to stay in Indiana with her for a few days, then come home probably through Kentucky and West Virginia.
I was looking forward to just driving straight home to Virginia and finally meeting you, but I'm just kind of disappointed and hurt that you have been dragging your feet on getting me a simple drawing. I wanted so badly to see some sign that you do care about this as much as I have but maybe you aren't as into meeting me as I thought. I know you were looking forward to seeing me this week, I was too. But I think we can stand a couple more weeks to meet, maybe that will give us both time to think more about this. I'd really feel a lot more confortable meeting you after I've seen you put some effort into us.
XOXO
Jackie
August 17, 2010 - 7:32pm
By the way, what you drew isn't actually a rorschach image. Rorschachs are supposed to be inkblot-style pieces, the purpose is for the person presenting them to determine what the first thought or idea is the viewer comes up with upon viewing the rorschach. I attached some examples for you to see. Tell me what you see when you look at them, I'm curious to know!
Jackie
August 19, 2010 - 4:36pm
Well, I did not say that it was really Rorschach, but rorschach-like; I did not know what the actual term for a hand-drawn, eye-free drawing was. In the images you sent me, I saw, respectively from top to bottom, a blooming tulip and two horse heads; the human lungs, kidneys and back and pelvic bones; fighter jet plane.
I've been finally settling up the bank issues this week; I have the drawing of our pool party; I had not colored it in yet. I was going to send it to you later tonight after coloring it in today. I had just gotten back home from after making 40 bucks from selling more NES and SNES games, and my SNES console, Super Scope 6 gun and the SNES Mouse; I donated blood and played in a Guitar Hero Tournament sponsored by VA Blood Services, and I was about to go look through this week's "Hook" for events, and go onto moviefone.com to look up local showings of "Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World". I was all set for our date tomorrow.
But I understand the situation with your friend in Indiana, and I am sorry for her not being able to come to you. As much as it pains me to wait longer, I'll wait two more weeks for you. Do not question our relationship, Jacklyn; I Fond for you, and I Long for you. I want you and me to be together for a very long time.
I'll e-mail you the colored drawing later tonight.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
⇐ Jackie E-mails 7
Jackie E-mails
Jackie E-mails 9 ⇒
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie_E-mails_8&oldid=307993"