Title: Jackie E-mails 16
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_E-mails_16
Categories: Category, Jackie E-mails
================================================================================

This page covers e-mails exchanged between Chris and Jackie from 23 September to 3 October 2010. The confrontation between Chris and Lars heats up, and Chris uploads a video to combat him. Chris mentions that he used to hate minorities, but has gotten over it. Jackie demands more content. She points out that Chris acts more like a Satanist or a shaman than a Christian. Chris writes a romantic poem for her.
September 23, 2010 - 8:39pm
Hey Chris.
So it's all well and good that you agree with me about the addiction issue, but my point was that the money you spent is still hundreds of dollars that you could have spent on other things, like Otakon. My point was never that you found games on sale, it's that games are the only thing you want to spend money on in the first place. You mentioned your car is having trouble, are you going to have the money to fix it?
Anyway, I had a really shitty day. More shit about Lars as well as some housing problems I've just found out I have to deal with. I don't really feel like talking tonight. But thank you for writing so much for me tonight, you've given me a lot to read. We'll reschedule our next chat soon, sweetie. Talk to you soon.
Jackie
September 24, 2010 - 9:54pm
Hey sweetie! Just wanted to let you know I had a really good time talking to you tonight!!!
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Jackie
September 25, 2010 - 11:33am
I'm glad you enjoyed our talk; I enjoyed it too. <3 :)
A quick question, what was it again that Lars said that you wanted me to say in the Ship-Sinking video again? "The consequences will always be changing"? Please tell me again.
I'll have the ship and iceberg built, followed by the video's recording done this afternoon; I'll have the video uploaded about tonight. :)
I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweet,
Lots of Love,
Christian.
September 25, 2010 - 3:26pm
Hey sweetie! The phrase Lars said was "The consequences will never be the same". Make sure to put emphasis on it, make yourself sound real imposing when you say it. He'll get the message.
Jackie
September 25, 2010 - 5:22pm
I got it, Sweetheart. I'm uploading the video now; look for it on my YT Channel; relay the link to Lars if required. Also, just curious, it was only the ONE photo you gave to Lars; there are no other similar photos, right? I ask to make certain of your safety, and any potential bargaining tickets Lars may or may not have. But push comes to shove, and if he wants to fight me, I will defend your honor to the last bead of sweat or breath.
BTW, ignore the incoming mother who wandered in at the end of the video. She and I have been busy clearing out and blocking out a bunch of stink bugs (she thought they were bed bugs at first, but she was corrected later). They were all over my window; I was surprised I did not notice their shadows behind the blinds before today. Anyway, most of them were disposed of either by withdraw from the house hitchhiking on the shades, curtains and blinds that went outside to be cleaned later, or by suction into a vacuum cleaner.
I hope the video puts a scare into Lars; I also portray stomping HIM along with his sunken ship, and I hope you enjoy the energy I was able to put into it post-bug-busting.
I'll TTYL. Let me know when we can schedule another AIM.
XOXOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
P.S.
Something else I'd like to let you know about. I have noticed and appreciated your kisses and hearts after I told you that I Love You, but I feel like only half of my affection is being returned through the emoticons over a full-on "I Love You (Too)". I would feel better if you would tell me directly that you love me too after or before I tell you.
I am only letting you know about how I feel about the emoticons; I do not mean to put any pressure onto you.
I Love You, Jackie. :-*
September 26, 2010 - 10:07pm
From: Lars Mcnulty
To: chrischansonichu
Sent: Sat, Sep 25, 2010 8:35 pm
Subject: My boat is sailin
Hey Fatso, you the fat loser my Jackie wound up with? Whoa, I must a done a number on her, if she be so traumatized she would sink as low as you. You know what aint sinkin? My resolve, nigga. Don't you EVER be showin my boats sinkin, You just lucky that wasnt one a my boats. If that'd been one a my boats, I'd a WHOMPED yo pasty fat ass, you wonky dweeb nigga. Jackie's gonna be mine again, you just wait and see. This shit aint over between us. Just look at my pic i gave you, you see I mean business. See how fierce i be. The consequences aint NEVER gonna be the same, nigga.
Smooth sailin',
Lars McNulty
September 27, 2010 - 5:30[m
Hey Chris! Not much time to talk but I'll write a little.
Actually Chris, that's really Lars in that photo. I don't have the article nearly done yet, I haven't had much time to finalize it. It's not due for a few weeks, anyway. Well, I'm looking forward to seeing the next video.
Jackie
September 27, 2010 - 7:02pm
Oh. Seriously, Lars is a black dude? Huh... Shoot; I've just bad-mouthed him on hiding behind a photo of a black man in the video I've just uploaded of telling him off. Still, the energy was appropriate. :)
Anyway I am cool with you having gone out with a black man; I've seen a lot of those couples on television. I'll admit, long ago I did have a problem with it, but I've long gotten over that. People ARE People; we're the same on the inside (with the exceptions of personality characteristics which varies from person to person). BTW, did I mention that I am 1/16 Cherokee? I think I did, but I'm not sure.
I look forward to reading the article after it's published. I gave you a lot of good stuff for it. And this way, we're helping each other out; you get a great article for the newsletter, and it gives me a chance to improve my rep.
Which reminds me, I am thinking of starting an anti-Troll/Cyber-Bully rally, as I have done in yesterday's video. Also, I am still undrawn on the pilot comic for the TrollBusters. I'm still thinking of the story plot, and I am open for your input as well. So far, I have Cal and Dee^2 hanging out in their headquarters in Cwcville, talking about common Troll Icons and "Anon" Associations of theirs. Other discussion topics of advisement is open for suggestion. They get an e-mail from a victim; Dee^2 traces its origins, googles the victim's name, finds the various forums and such. She and Cal traces the origin points of the inputed text on the Forums and such through IP Addresses. Finds the point of the Head Troll of the group, hops into their Truck (depending on the Location of the Troll, in US or out, having to take the Private Plane or not; I'm still deciding on the starting location). After they reach the destination, from their truck, they scan all of the computers in the house of the troll wirelessly; they find the bookmarks leading to the same Forums, history of entered text onto said forums, and IRC Chat history matching up. They save all of the evidence onto their HDD, then remotely shuts off the internet for this dude alone. Meanwhile, the perp is inside making another post, and gets interrupted of Loss of Connection, then Cal and Dee^2 force their way in with backup from the Police and the F.B.I. and catch the Troll Red-Handed and take him into custody.
I would appreciate your input on the pilot story; any ideas.
I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
Lots of Love,
XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
September 27, 2010 - 9:00pm
Original Message-----
From: Lars Mcnulty
To: chrischansonichu
Sent: Sat, Sep 27, 2010 8:27 pm
Subject: I aint steppin
Shiiiiiit, dog! Yall be all up in my grill, tellin me to grow up an shit? Damn nigga, I been done grown up and shit! I aint need no wonky honky givin me game on my boats! My boats aint control me! Jackie just be steppin an shit, but bitch be all up on my dick slobberin an shit once i flash my cash, nigga! Yall just wait and see, I aint need to change my habits, I am in control an shit, mos def! And soon I be in control a Jackie again, yall be seein.
Lars McNulty
September 28, 2010 - 7:56pm
Chris, where have you been? I haven't heard from you all day. I was hoping to talk to you tonight, but I guess you're too busy or something.
Jackie
September 29, 2010 - 7:21am
I am soo sorry for missing you yesterday; I was preoccupied with other things and I forgot to check my e-mail Monday Night. And last night, I crashed early at 8:00 PM. My internal clock has been askew again lately mostly. Basically on Monday, I fell asleep at 8 AM after an all-nighter and awoke at about 5 PM. I made the direct-to-Lars video and uploaded it right before I read your e-mail letting me know that Lars WAS black and I replied to that. Then I logged off, and did all of the other things I did that night all the way up to 8:00 PM last night.
And obviously I didn't get your request for the AIM for Monday Night until later. And yesterday I was busy going out and hanging with my parents and stuff. And having crashed early, I forgot to check my e-mail yesterday. I guess a point I'm trying to make is I would feel better and more ready to talk over AIM if I had at least a 12 or 24 hour notice beforehand, so I could plan on that. Because the e-mail you sent Monday night was an immediate impulse, and I had already checked my e-mail and logged out. Yeah, that got messed up. :(
If you are available Tonight, I'll log in at about 8:45 PM to see if you are logged-in, or read your reply e-mail at least. And, at least a 12 hour or greater notice for when you'll be available for AIM; let's keep that in mind for future reference. Again, I am soo sorry for missing the opportunity.
At this time, we'll see how long my internal clock will stay on a daytime schedule. From my point of view, it appears to me that when my internal clock has been staying on the daytime schedule, one all-nighter is all it takes for it to go askew all over again.
I will talk to you later, Sweetheart. Please keep your ideas and thoughts in mind for me. :)
Stay Safe and Sweet with Lots of Love,
XOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
September 29, 2010 - 1:19pm
Hey Chris!
Why did you stay up til 8am? You shouldn't stay up to play video games like that all night, it's not good for your health. You really ought to make the choice to set a regular bedtime for yourself and stick to it. For example, I usually go to bed at midnight every night (or sometimes earlier), even if I'm not particularly tired, because I don't want to screw myself up for the next day. You can't just stay up for as long as possible until you "crash", that's what small children do. Your choices are why your sleep schedule is messed up, it's not because you can't control your own body. And plus, then your random sleeping habits inconvenience others, like myself. You need to make the choice to discipline yourself and stick to a regular schedule. It's what the rest of us have to do.
Anyway, I'll be on about 8:45pm tonight, so I look forward to chatting with you then. We can talk more about your trollbusters plot ideas and other stuff. Like the October videos!! Only a couple days until the first one airs!!! I can't wait to see what the first one will be!! Anyway, talk to you tonight, sweetie!
XO XO XO XO XO
Jackie
September 30, 2010 - 11:32am
Here's the updated resume for your reference; please treat this file and its contents as strictly confidential. I have my green shirt, clean as I am after a refreshing shower right now. :)
I will record the new direct-to-Lars video for you after the interview, and I will let you know about what happens tonight during our AIM. A prayer for me is helpful and appreciated. :)
Stay Safe and Sweet with Lots of Love,
XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
October 1, 2010 - 2:03pm
Hey Chris, I hope you get this soon. Will you be available for another IM tonight? Let me know!
<3 <3 <3
Jackie
October 1, 2010 - 4:31pm
Hey, Sweetheart. :)
Firstly, I've had a long day, and I'm feeling tired, so I'm probably going to be unavailable for a chat tonight. I am sorry.
On the good news, though, I've mustered the energy to make the direct apology to Michael video; it should be uploaded by now.
And, this morning, while I was having breakfast, I came up with an inspired poem for you.
Jacklyn, your smile is a ray of sunshine to me.
Seeing your beautiful and radiant face,
I can't help but want to kiss it and your sweet lips.
Your wavy hair drives me wild;
I want to run my fingers through it gently
and feel the energy that burns wildly and sweetly.
Your wit and smarts guide me great,
helping me sort out better the dilemmas I've been pondering.
The distance between us is hard to bear.
I throw away the sudoku puzzle of the newspaper
I was working on when I thought up this poem,
so I would rush fastest to you.
Sweetest Jacklyn, you are the missing piece
I've been longing for to complete me.
While I am capable of being independent,
I just feel soo much better with you by my side.
Sweetest Jacklyn Romy, I Love You Soo Much.
Let us rid each other of the distance that
keeps us apart, so we can be together forever.
You keep that to yourself; print this message so you can read it every day to lift you up as much as you have lifted me. :)
I need to rest, but I'll TTYL. Perhaps we can AIM again tomorrow night.
Stay Safe and Sweet with Lots of Love,
XOXOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
October 1, 2010 - 5:24pm
Hey Chris!
What were you doing all day? Did you stay up playing video games all night again? I told you, it's your responsibility to set a bed time for yourself. Remember, if you get the job at McDonalds, you're going to be working for hours every day, and you won't have a choice in the matter - not like now, where you just get tired because you choose not to go to bed at a reasonable time. And also remember Chris, the terms of our agreement were that you would make one video every day for the month of October. A video like this one is only a couple minutes long, and all you did was stand up and talk into the camera a bit and then upload it, so I don't get why you have to "muster" the strength to do it even though you're tired. It doesn't bode well for our contest if such a trivial effort is so difficult for you. I suggest you stop staying up to play games all night and choose to go to bed like adults do, because it's kind of annoying that you cause your own sleep problems and then seem to want special commendation for doing something that takes no effort in the first place. Remember, our contest is all or nothing. You have to do all the videos if you want me.
*SIGH*
Anyway, thanks for the video. You probably should have just said "hey Mike, I realize the Game Place is your business and you are in charge, and I don't have a right to disrespect you and do things you don't like no matter how much I disagree with you". But instead you went on about how you should have the right to scream at children whenever you feel stressed, which probably won't endear you to Mike very well. But enough about that, let's talk about the next video!!
Here's what I'm thinking for tomorrow: Hamburglar video. I really liked in your resume where you detailed your life long relationship with McDonalds. I want you to do a tribute video to McDonalds. I want you to get some dollar menu burgers, dress up as the hamburglar (maybe go shirtless with stripes across your chest and arms? You could paint, or just put duct tape across your chest… :) sexy!) and dance/recite poetry to your burgers. Then, I want you to sit down and eat them, after thanking McDonalds for your wonderful gift of food. But before you begin eating, can you turn to the camera and say "Heyyyy folks!… FAT MAN HERE" then wink because we both know you're not actually fat. It's satire! But I know what you're thinking, you don't actually want any trolls to get the idea that you applied at McDonalds. You don't want any going to harrass [sic] you there. So don't say anything about that - just talk about how you love McDonalds. Ooh! And write a poem about a burger and read it to the burger! You did soo well with the poem you wrote me, I think you could make something great about a burger.
Guys eating burgers turn me on. :D :D :D :D :D
Jackie
October 2, 2010 - 9:33pm
Hey Sweetie!
I really enjoyed our chat tonight. I'm glad we can talk like that. I'm not sure if I'll be available tomorrow night or not, but if I'm not then maybe Monday. Anyway, I know sometimes our subjects get a little intense, but thanks for opening up to me on stuff like that. I don't want you to ever think that I'm grilling you or anything like that, whenever we talk about those things I'm just trying to understand you better and bring us closer. It's all about building a stronger relationship! :) :) :)
Anyway, in continuance of our discussion, I have a few more questions:
-What sort of things were you talking to Sonichu about when you were in your meeting with Mary Lee Walsh?
-Do you still imagine talking to Sonichu sometimes? what sort of things do you talk to him about?
-What are some memorable conversations you've had with Sonichu?
-You said that when you were in the office with Mary Lee Walsh, Sonichu "talked through" you. What exactly did you mean by that?
I'm really curious about that. I think if I knew more it would be a great window into my understanding you and us being closer. I await your reply!!
With Love,
Jackie
October 3, 2010 - 11:57am
Hey again! I had one more question that I forgot to put in my last email: Why did you shout "curse ye ha me ha" at Mary Lee Walsh? I saw there's an article about that phrase on the cwcki, but I don't really understand what it means. What is the significance of it? What does it mean?
Hope to talk to you soon!
Jackie
October 3, 2010 - 1:30pm
I understand you never mean to grill me. I emotionally get carried away sometimes when my buttons get pressed with certain topics that hit it home. And when I get carried away, I may not think clearly. But I am happy we are opening up to each other, and I really do want our relationship to be strong too, Sweetheart. :)
I can answer your current questions now.
-At that time in her office, Sonichu and I were coming up with an immediate plan of counter-attack to the things she was saying; I do not remember what she said.
-I do still sometimes talk with my electric-hedgehog pok'emon while I'm on my way to falling asleep and the tv is off; we talk about current things, like things I could do or say in meeting new people, or just things I'm feeling currently to get their response to, for examples.
-I can't remember verbatim, but memorably, getting relationship advice from Sonichu And Rosechu are most memorable.
-Sonichu had a speech of his own to stop our mutual villain from attacking us with the things she was saying and her past actions against me and the early days of my Sweetheart Search.
-The Curse-Ye-Ha-Me-Ha attack is essentially an invisible energy attack, launched similar to Goku's attack; it is an attack that curses Bad Luck and Extreme Misfortune onto the individual the attack is aimed at. Among the misfortunes in mind for the attack, if the individual has a girlfriend of HIS own, she breaks up with him. This was fabricated in my lonely days then, where I was also jealous of "All of the other Men Taking ALL of the Women, Leaving me with None to choose from."
I will think about how best to make myself up as the Hamburglar in a little while; I'll probably use a printed photo of a hamburger from McDonalds, and upon my recollection, he mostly said, "Robble, Robble", so I'll mostly say that in the dedication to the hamburger there.
Also, I'm afraid I have another disturbing development in the nude photograph department; I've just received a couple more e-mails from a couple of trolls, one of which pretended to be an ex-lesbian girlfriend of yours; she had a bunch of your nude photos attached to it. While I am going to ignore them both, I felt you should know about it. I'll be forwarding the two e-mails to you shortly for your reference.
Hey, don't fret too much over the matter; you and I, we have done what we could against that damn Lars for him leaking the photographs and confirming to him that he is through, and you have me; no bullshit. You know better now not to share such photos with anyone over the internet, even as a gag.
And regardless of anything said, portrayed or whatever, I will still Love You truly, Jacklyn. :-* :)
We'll see about Monday night when it comes around.
Stay Safe and Sweet with Lots of Love,
XOXOXOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
October 3, 2010 - 2:03pm
Hey Chris!
Thanks for answering my questions. That clears up quite a bit. We can talk more about that stuff in our next chat, too. Thanks for explaining the curse ye ha me ha thing - I had no idea you were a Wiccan! Wow, this is a whole new side of you that I had no idea about. I've known Wiccans before at school and what not, but I never really knew them that well or talked to them about their beliefs. What sort of divinity do you follow, do you believe in a Godess or Earth-Mother figure? I know that's the primary deity in a lot of pagan faiths, isn't it? And what other sorts of magic or sorcery do you practice? The curse ye ha me ha sounds like a sort of black magic, akin to Satanism. I don't know much about Satanism either, but I know that the best definition is that Satanism is basically a religion that emphasizes hedonism, free will, priority towards earthly/carnal pleasures, and abandonment of restrictive rules in general. I never really thought about it before, but when I consider that you are very devoted to eating whatever you want, not working out, playing games all the time and generally not following any of God's rules, it actually makes sense that you are a Satanist. How come you didn't tell me? Were you worried I would take it badly? I don't, I think it's really cool that you're a Satanist! What other kinds of pagan magic do you practice? Is all of it black magic, or do you practice any white magic or naturalistic sorcery as well? This is really cool, Chris! It's a side of your beliefs I had no idea about!
On a darker note... Thank you for trying to console me about Lars and those damn nude photos. Thank you so much for being the bigger man and rising above, and not judging me for those photos being out there. But I still feel so bad about all this. I feel terrible that those photos are floating around out there, for anyone to see. And now you've got random trolls sending them to you and making shit up about me, as well. I hate Lars so much. I hate him with every fiber of my being for doing this to me. Your videos to him so far have been great but clearly Lars needs a heavier hand. We're going to have to think of a way to get him out of our hair once and for all. Are you with me sweetie? :)
Anyway, I am looking forward to the Hamburglar video! Also, I had another idea for one of your next videos. Do you know the Beatles? It'd be really fun to see you sing to one of their songs, like a Day in the Life - that's my favorite Beatles song. Or maybe "With a Little Help from my Friends", that's my second-favorite Beatles song. That'd be awesome! Maybe you could even write some lyrics of your own and sing them to the song! What do you think about the Beatles? Do you like them?
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Jackie
⇐ Jackie E-mails 15
Jackie E-mails
Jackie E-mails 17 ⇒
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie_E-mails_16&oldid=322871"