Title: Jackie E-mails 27
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_E-mails_27
Categories: Category, Jackie E-mails
================================================================================

These e-mails between Chris and Jackie were sent from 20 May to 31 May 2011. Jackie continues to carp at Chris about not getting a job and relying on Rocky to do everything for him. Chris feels insecure about his failure to land a job and doesn't want to talk about it. He claims that Rocky is trying to help him find public assistance housing, but the details are beyond his understanding. What Chris has no trouble understanding is a forum he's just discovered that pertains to his new tomgirl identity. Chris and Jackie trade family stories; Jackie wins.
May 20, 2011 7:24pm
Really, you wanted to honor your mother? That's odd, you lie to your parents and take advantage of them a hell of a lot, but whatevs.
What about Rocky's words was confusing to you? Since you have that photographic memory, you should just repeat what she told you to me, and I can help you sort through it and understand it better. Just write it out in your next email.
Anyway, since you don't really feel like talking about real issues like your job search, I'm kind of at a loss for what to talk about. I find my mind drawing a blank right now about movies like Cannibal Holocaust for reasons I don't really know. Well, talk to you soon!
Jackie
May 21, 2011 8:02pm
Why would you be at a loss of what to talk about? Especially after I've suggested you tell me more about yourself AND your family. Plus we can discuss other current events. Job hunting IS an important topic; I have failed time and again at getting one; I feel uncomfortable talking about things I obviously suck bad at.
Photographic Memory goes with VISUAL Memory; details discussed in conversation, UNWRITTEN, is AUDIO Memory, which is soo different. But I did shorthand some of those details of the thing Rocky informed me about. It has to do with the Intellectual & Developmental Combination Plan to be put into Legal Action in July, 2012. We'll be working with someone who works for the State who has authority to paper development.
Department of Mental Disabilitiyes & Region can only get Waiver for assistance for stay @ home & no institute and get $ for job hunt and
such. Apply for Waiver for Developmental Disability for future ability to Housing. Virginia Long-Term Care Waiver (online look-up).
That's all I have on that.
Please Tell me more about yourself and your family.
I'll e-mail later. Stay Safe,
Christian.
May 21, 2011 9:57pm
You don't "suck bad" at getting a job. It's impossible to say that you suck at it because you don't even bother trying. You applied at two whole places nearly a year ago and haven't gotten up off your ass once to try again since. You sit on your hands and try to explain away your lack of trying to others with lies about how "employers will google me and find the cwcki", even though you know perfectly well that's not how background checks work.
I'm starting to get a picture of what Rocky's help is going to do for you, with a government-assisted job search program, but I don't really understand why it matters to you looking for a job now. I mean, July 2012 is over a year away, and if you actually put time into looking now you could get a job long before then. You're surviving comfortably on your tugboat right now, why do you need even MORE free money to do something you should be doing in the first place? How will getting more welfare help you get a job any easier? Just go get a job now. Go look. Go apply. Go DO something.
Answer me one question honestly Chris: Do you, in all seriousness, actually WANT to get a job and move out on your own? If so, what are you doing to achieve it? Waiting for Rocky to do it all isn't doing anything. Are you sure you wouldn't just rather let other people take care of you while you use their money to buy video games and cosmetics for the rest of your life? Because that's not what I'm interested in. I'm not interested in being your caretaker.
Jackie
May 24, 2011 2:46pm
Chris, where have you been?
I'm so exhausted right now. My little parakeet Blueberry flew out the window two days ago. I have no idea where he is right now and I'm so scared.
Where are you???
May 24, 2011 10:07pm
[No text is present, Chris sent a blank email]
May 25, 2011 10:38pm
Chris? You sent me a blank email with nothing in it. WHat's going on?
Anyway, I'm sorry I have been kind of a pill lately, I've just been having a bad couple of weeks. I'm tired of thinking negative thoughts. I need to get my mind off stuff, let's talk about positive things. Anything new going on with you?
Jackie
May 26, 2011 - 1:51am
I originally had my concerns for your missing parakeet and such typed in my last e-mail; I must have pressed the wrong button before sending
it. I'm sorry. And I am sorry to hear about Blueberry going missing.
I pray for his safe return to your care.
Also, I have been hired to be the volunteer Church Photographer. I've made a few new friends recently from going out for Karaokee and Fridays After 5. My mom and dad are doing well. I have been made aware of a
Tomboy/Tomgirl forum site that's been around for over two years (they had to change to a new page a month ago after a site crash).
http://tomboytomgirls.44.forumer.com/
You can tell me more about yourself and your family to get your mind off of your trouble-bubbles. Also, have you figured when you'll be able to come to C-Ville and meet me, or are you still recovering?
TTYL. Stay Safe with Care,
Christian.
May 28, 2011 2:37pm
Hey that's okay that I didn't get your email, I guess you were distracted, it would've been nice to have a serious discussion but I know you've been spending most of your time lately playing Hannah Montana. No biggie.
Well since you aren't going to be pursuing a job or moving out, I'm glad at least you have started a hobby in taking pictures for your church. I bet it feels really good to just get out and get some variety like that! I know you've been having trouble getting along with your parents lately, so I think just spending some time out of the house and throwing yourself into some activity will be good for all of you. And you made some new friends? That's awesome!! I know how shy you can be so I'm glad you're meeting new people to hang out with. Tell me about them! What are their names? What are they like, what kind of things do they do?
As for my parents, well, I can give you the rundown. My father's from Philadelphia, born and raised, on the playground is where he spent most of his days. Then one day he decided he wanted to be an engineer, so he found some good schools and started applying around here. He got accepted to Virginia Tech and his mom got stoked, she said "you're packing your bags and moving to Roanoke". And that's how he came to be in Virginia.
My mother's story is a bit different from my father's, and a bit more interesting. She comes from Los Angeles originally, way out in California. She never went to college after high school initially, she spent her early 20's as a waitress in a little diner. Actually, a really freaky thing happened to her when she was young: There was this crazy guy who came along and tried to murder her after she got off work one night. The guy almost succeeded too, except that a good samaritan saved her life and got her away from the attacker. The guy pursued both of them for days, I think he actually shot up a bunch of cops while doing so, killing a few of them. Eventually the murderer killed my mother's protector, but she managed to kill him in self-defense by trapping him in some big crushing press (they were in a factory at the time, I think the murderer worked there or something, I don't know how they all wound up there). But before her protector died, the two of them shared a night of intimacy, during which my half-brother was conceived.
A few years after that, my father and some of his college friends went to L.A. on spring break, and they were doing body shots in the club where my mother happened to have taken a job. My father slipped that lime into my mother's mouth and their eyes met, and both knew it was meant to be. Soon after my father graduated and my mother moved out to Virginia to be with him, and they got married. I was born a few years later. I'm still to this day not allowed to ask my mother directly about what happened with the murderer all those years ago (It's a very traumatic subject for her), but my father has told me some things that she told him: Apparently, the guy was absolutely crazy, when he came at her he was ranting about her needing to die or else his race was going to die in the apocalypse in the future, I guess he thought she was like the anti-christ or something. I don't know what race he was talking about, my dad said he looked like some eastern european.
Anyway, as for my half-brother: He was like 8 years older than me and we never had a very strong relationship. He was kind of a bad seed, always getting into trouble when he was a teenager, he smoked all the time, stole money, did vandalism, other petty crimes. He actually caused a lot of fights for our family. A little before he turned 18, he ran away and said he didn't want to come back, and he refuses to talk to any of us now. Last I heard he moved back to Los Angeles, but I think he's just kind of living off the grid, semi-homeless. I don't know if he has a job or not. It's really sad because I think he had some mental illness or instability, he always got so angry and impulsive and was really paranoid about stuff. Sometimes I think about him and hope he's doing okay but he's really not a part of any of our lives anymore.
Well anyway, tell me about this Tomgirl forum you found! Have you gotten involved there? Are your new friends tomgirls/tomboys from there too? I bet you can make more new friends on there. I'll take a look at the forum a little later but let me know how it goes for you! Get really involved! I'm so glad that you're getting out there and being active like that. It's going to be really good for you in the long run.
Oh, and I'm not exactly sure when I'll be free to hang out, I'm sorry, my schedule is just slammed at the moment. It seems like I don't get a free moment to just step back and rest even these days. I've got to rearrange some things so I have more energy and time to do stuff. I'll keep you posted.
Jackie
May 29, 2011 5:33pm
I haven't received an e-mail from you in a while. How are you? Are you still having troubles? Has Blueberry come back? Also, are you having troubles with your family too? And if my requests of talking about your family have bothered you, I do apologize for that.
I've just had my mother complain about me wearing my mini skirts after finding two of them in the recent laundromat trip.
On the positives, we're all safe and well here. I'm recovering good from the butchered haircut from a couple of weeks ago. The karaoke Mondays at Applebees have been good and fun. The trolls have been adding very little to the Cwcki, and they have not found any photos I've recently shared with Molly via e-mail. I have memorized Katy Perry's "Teenage Dream" lyrics successfully. "I'ma get your heart racing in my skin tight jeans tonight". :)
I pray some good has happened for you, Jackie. Please reply and let me know what's been going on with you.
Stay Safe with Care,
Christian.
May 29, 2011 6:02pm
Hey Chris. I sent you an email yesterday, curious that you didn't receive it. Maybe the same error caused it that made your previous email blank. Anyway, I'll copy what I sent to you again here.
Hey that's okay that I didn't get your email, I guess you were distracted, it would've been nice to have a serious discussion but I know you've been spending most of your time lately playing Hannah Montana. No biggie.
Well since you aren't going to be pursuing a job or moving out, I'm glad at least you have started a hobby in taking pictures for your church. I bet it feels really good to just get out and get some variety like that! I know you've been having trouble getting along with your parents lately, so I think just spending some time out of the house and throwing yourself into some activity will be good for all of you. And you made some new friends? That's awesome!! I know how shy you can be so I'm glad you're meeting new people to hang out with. Tell me about them! What are their names? What are they like, what kind of things do they do?
As for my parents, well, I can give you the rundown. My father's from Philadelphia, born and raised, on the playground is where he spent most of his days. Then one day he decided he wanted to be an engineer, so he found some good schools and started applying around here. He got accepted to Virginia Tech and his mom got stoked, she said "you're packing your bags and moving to Roanoke". And that's how he came to be in Virginia.
My mother's story is a bit different from my father's, and a bit more interesting. She comes from Los Angeles originally, way out in California. She never went to college after high school initially, she spent her early 20's as a waitress in a little diner. Actually, a really freaky thing happened to her when she was young: There was this crazy guy who came along and tried to murder her after she got off work one night. The guy almost succeeded too, except that a good samaritan saved her life and got her away from the attacker. The guy pursued both of them for days, I think he actually shot up a bunch of cops while doing so, killing a few of them. Eventually the murderer killed my mother's protector, but she managed to kill him in self-defense by trapping him in some big crushing press (they were in a factory at the time, I think the murderer worked there or something, I don't know how they all wound up there). But before her protector died, the two of them shared a night of intimacy, during which my half-brother was conceived.
A few years after that, my father and some of his college friends went to L.A. on spring break, and they were doing body shots in the club where my mother happened to have taken a job. My father slipped that lime into my mother's mouth and their eyes met, and both knew it was meant to be. Soon after my father graduated and my mother moved out to Virginia to be with him, and they got married. I was born a few years later. I'm still to this day not allowed to ask my mother directly about what happened with the murderer all those years ago (It's a very traumatic subject for her), but my father has told me some things that she told him: Apparently, the guy was absolutely crazy, when he came at her he was ranting about her needing to die or else his race was going to die in the apocalypse in the future, I guess he thought she was like the anti-christ or something. I don't know what race he was talking about, my dad said he looked like some eastern european.
Anyway, as for my half-brother: He was like 8 years older than me and we never had a very strong relationship. He was kind of a bad seed, always getting into trouble when he was a teenager, he smoked all the time, stole money, did vandalism, other petty crimes. He actually caused a lot of fights for our family. A little before he turned 18, he ran away and said he didn't want to come back, and he refuses to talk to any of us now. Last I heard he moved back to Los Angeles, but I think he's just kind of living off the grid, semi-homeless. I don't know if he has a job or not. It's really sad because I think he had some mental illness or instability, he always got so angry and impulsive and was really paranoid about stuff. Sometimes I think about him and hope he's doing okay but he's really not a part of any of our lives anymore.
Well anyway, tell me about this Tomgirl forum you found! Have you gotten involved there? Are your new friends tomgirls/tomboys from there too? I bet you can make more new friends on there. I'll take a look at the forum a little later but let me know how it goes for you! Get really involved! I'm so glad that you're getting out there and being active like that. It's going to be really good for you in the long run.
Oh, and I'm not exactly sure when I'll be free to hang out, I'm sorry, my schedule is just slammed at the moment. It seems like I don't get a free moment to just step back and rest even these days. I've got to rearrange some things so I have more energy and time to do stuff. I'll keep you posted.
Jackie
May 31, 2011 7:45am
Wow. That is awful what happened to your mother with her attacker; thank God and Jesus for her heroic knight. My mother has had her share of pursuing attackers as well; thank God and Jesus for her safety as well. She remembers her episodes better than I; among which I can
recall, she did have trouble with someone who came in and robbed her family's house during her childhood. Also, she got something broken
after being tackled by a football player while she was a cheerleader in High School. And she twisted her ankle doing the Twist at a dance.
Your half-brother and mine, Cole, share very similar stories. Cole was born with hip problems, and later one school day some other kid shoved
him into the side of a bus, hurting his head badly. He was not raised by his birth father, but by our mother and a step father who is one of
my mom's exes. Cole (to him, regretfullest), gave our mom away at her wedding to my father. After then, he's left her to seek his carrer and
fortune and whatnot. I met him during our one trip to California where he was attending college. The last time I saw him was over half a
decade ago at a Weston Family Christmas Party. Now he, like yours, keeps farthest distance from me and mom in New York, living with his
girlfriend and Her family (possibly married by now) and working as a Movie Reviewer. Mental Illnesses And Family Cutoff; quite a common sad
story among a portion of the world population. I sometimes think of him and how he's doing. All I have to do is look up his most recent
"Cole Smithey" video on his website.
For your information, I played that H.M. game for a spot of feminine influance. I have not played it since after earning one of the easiest
Platinum Trophies. And I am trying my hardest to refrain from having to ONLY talk about gaming. Which is why I have been encouraging talking about other things.
Among the new friends I've met are a few gals who work at T.G.I.Fridays; few of which also hang out at Applebees Monday nights for Kareokee. There's Jessica, Tamika and Cassie, plus I know another Jessie at the R-Ville Wal-Mart, and Emily at Sephora of F.Square. I've only known them a few weeks, and I know little about them. All I can say about them is that they're all good, friendly women with their own satisfied romance histories. Nothing has happened with me involved there.
You may check out the Tomboy/Tomgirl forum for yourself at
http://tomboytomgirls.44.forumer.com/; I've posted a few things so far on there with intention to post some more. There isn't much on there now, they recently had a site crash late April, 2011, and had to move to this address. Confidentially, my handle on there is KookyDashy, with Applejack for my avatar.
Lastly for now, I've recently started looking further into the Squinkies, so we can girl-talk about that if you want.
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe with Care,
Christian.
⇐ Jackie E-mails 26
Jackie E-mails
Jackie E-mails 28 ⇒
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie_E-mails_27&oldid=328369"