Title: Jackie E-mails 4
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jackie_E-mails_4
Categories: Category, Jackie E-mails
================================================================================

This page features emails exchanged by Chris and Jackie in late July 2010. The contents are generally uneventful, mostly discussing Chris's taste in movies and music, save for Jackie linking Chris to the totally-secret and ultra-secure IRC channel, and the important plans regarding the destruction of his PS3. Also, Chris claims his debt is completely gone, a statement which may be less than accurate. Of course, despite Jackie's urgent tone and the eminent death of his console, Chris took a more passive route.
The PS3 was later destroyed by his own hand.
Contents
1 Emails
1.1 Chris is an inconsiderate jackass
1.2 Don't worry, the Saw films are fake. Also, vitamins
1.3 Pink Flamingos and thyroid conditions
1.4 Music, paxil, and setting up a date
1.5 The trolls plan to get rid of the PS3!
1.6 Chris thinks their plan will be Total FAIL
1.7 Jackie sneaks into IRC, provides logs
1.8 In which Jackie demands too much of Chris
1.9 Autism compels Chris to require specific step-by-step instruction on how to tear down the CWCki
1.10 Jackie suggests getting the access codes and hacking into the mainframe
Emails
Chris is an inconsiderate jackass
July 20, 2010 - 6:00pm
Hey Chris, just wondering if you got my email? I kind of wish you would check in with me shortly after I reply; I know you're probably busy plotting the cwcki's demise but it only takes a couple minutes and I give you the same courtesy.
Jackie
Don't worry, the Saw films are fake. Also, vitamins
July 20, 2010 - 7:24pm
Hey, Jackie. I apologize for not replying sooner; I had a busy yesterday; I had a doctor's appointment, a meeting with Rocky, and a few other errands; I hadn't a chance to check my e-mail yesterday. I will make time to check my e-mail more daily.
Also, that is very interesting about the Cwcki, "J.J." will have to take them up on their inside-info offer. ;)
Canada is a good place, I hear, especially Toronto. I look forward to seeing the photos from your trip later on.
I went out to Food Lion earlier today for some more cat food today, then I noticed that the next-door Movie Gallery (been working on clearing themselves out for Going Out of Business); up to 90% Off their stuff. They're on their Last 3 Days from today, so I estimate that their last day will be either Friday or Saturday. I bought a Blu-Ray movie I rented before that was a good one, "Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist", for $2.99. In case you haven't seen it, it's a story of a boy and his crew going on the road in pursuit of a hard-to-find band. The girl at first sides with the boy to pretend he was her boyfriend, then she follows them on their trip on the common goal. Throughout the movie, the boy and girl catch feelings towards each other; it is fun and sweet. :)
I'm not sure, but have we talked before of favorite movies between us? Mine is "Mary Poppins"; I also enjoyed "Toy Story". I also take in a dash of heavy action, horror and such. I've seen all 6 "Saw" movies; once you've gotten used to the "Hollywood Magic" and understand that the blood and lost parts are all fake, the ONLY response you can look forward to from yourself is purely the surprise and suspense. I also remembered we talked a bit of the XXX porn, but I won't go further into that until you feel cool talking about it.
The doctor's appointment yesterday was just a check-up; I get them every 4 months. The current blood work shows me healthy and well. I've been taking a prescription to keep my stress levels down since my teenage years (felt like almost forever). One month a year or so ago, I went without the paroxitine, because I did not fully grasp the reasons WHY I needed it. On the one hand, I did feel more confident without it, but on the other, I ended up feeling more stress attacks that really got to me. I felt a spot or two of chest pains from that. So I went back onto it after that month. I also take vitamins A, D3, Iron, Zinc and Fish Oil.
I'll wrap it up for now. I will continue to be thinking fondestly of you and counting the days to our meet.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
Pink Flamingos and thyroid conditions
July 20, 2010 - 8:40pm
Hey Chris! No problem, I just like hearing from you. Sounds like you had a busy day. I haven't seen Nick and Nora but I heard good things about it. I've seen the first three saw movies but not the latter three; I'm not really a huge horror fan. My favorite movie of all time is probably "Pink Flamingoes", it's a guilty pleasure of mine, you should really check it out.
So you take stress medication? So have you had like a medical condition or something? Like what kind of stress do you have that you need the medication for? I know someone who has a bad thyroid condition and needs medication every day or she could get a potentially fatal hormone imbalance, they actually didn't discover it until she was like 16, and the doctor at the time said her thyroid was all swollen up and she was lucky she hadn't already died from it. What kind of condition is yours? I really wish you could go to Otakon like you were planning, a nice trip like that would probably be good for you.
I can't wait to find out what happens when "J.J." does his video! Those fuckers have been around too long, but you can topple them if you get inside. It's gotten me all excited, so keep me appraised as stuff happens ;)
Jackie
Music, paxil, and setting up a date
July 21, 2010 - 6:04pm
"Pink Flamingoes"; I will check that out (find a trailer on YouTube, then add the movie to my Netflix Queue).
I've just heard the voice of the C.T.D.; WOW! That's deeep. It got to me. I heard it on Napster and downloaded two tracks for free with props to mycokerewards.com. I'll shortly enough get their "Best Of" Album CD from Plan9 or somewhere. For now, I have "Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm" and "Paralyzed" (from their latest album, "Oooh La La"). I enjoy recommendations from other people as well as my own choices. Of course, you know I like Britney Spears and the Backstreet Boys. I also recommend songs from Celtic Thunder and Celtic Women, the Planetshakers ("Lift Up Your Eyes") and Yngwie Malmsteen. Also, check out Tiga's "(Far From) Home", Galactic's "I Got It (What You Need)" and Wyclef Jean's "Fast Car". I've got a big playlist. :)
I take the medication for Stress in General; no fancy names or such. But as I have stated earlier, the Paroxitine does keep my stress levels down; if not for it, I probably would have died sooner from stress.
Another detail that has slipped my mind, and lost in the e-mails somewhere, how old are you (I'm uncertain; was it 19 or 22) again?
Also, let's go ahead and decided on our meeting location for after you return to VA; I want it to be very clear and final between you and me; no repeat of the last missed time. This time, let's concentrate in a smaller location; the mall is too big.
Let's Plan for the ***Starbucks***, Next to the Radio Shack, nearby the closing Mattress King, at the Shopping Center with the China King Buffet, Advance Auto Parts and Staples, Across from the Fashion Square Mall.
Please confirm for me that you understand and know where that Starbucks is. We will schedule the Date and Time after you're certain of the return date in August 2010. I will keep a bunch of money aside for our time togther, so I can make most certain you and I can have a great time together, and to accommodate for edibles and drinks. If we make the date on a Friday, we can partake of the Fridays After 5 Concert of that day, plus I'll keep an eye in the "Hook" for similar events for other options.
Perhaps "Nick and Norah" can be our first "Movie Night" Movie together. ;)
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
The trolls plan to get rid of the PS3!
July 21, 2010 - 7:19pm
Hey Chris!
I'm glad you're downloaded Crash Test Dummies! Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm is my favorite of their songs, I feel like it just has such a powerful message. I know you mentioned Celtic Woman before, I still haven't checked them out yet. I'll check out those other bands, too.
I'll plan on that Starbucks, the one right across from the Fashion Square Mall, I google-mapped it just to make sure I know the right location. I'm still not sure on the exact day I'll be back but I'll keep you posted.
I'm curious if you've got a good plan for that video? I was reading the JenkinsJinkies page again and I noticed they said they have some plan to get rid of your playstation? That canine guy said it's all apparently legal too, I have no idea what they're talking about but I think it's not worth risking, I just don't want anything bad to happen to you. You should put together a video soon. But what will you do? Are you going to make a new youtube or something? Or did canine tell you to send it to him directly? Maybe like a full costume would help more than just a face mask, if you have something to put together. Just a thought.
TTYL,
Jackie
Chris thinks their plan will be Total FAIL
July 22, 2010 - 6:05pm
I am still diliberating on what to do against the Trolls. They're basically trying to get "Repo" Men to come in and take stuff due to debt. What they obviously are unaware of, I am paid off in my credit cards, including the one I used to buy my PS3 originally, so they they do not have a leg to stand on that plan. In their own words, it will be "Total FAIL."
While I appreciate your concern of the trolls for me, I would prefer not to talk about them, and I thank you for informing me of this opportunity.
Also, I have taken notice of a Cwcki member of your name "warning people about me". While I felt crestfallen from that, I have forgiven that person of that misdeed. ;)
I've added "Pink Flamingos" to my Queue, and moved it up to #1, so I'll see it after I send back my current DVD, disc 4 of the Complete Series of "Daria".
It has been quite the toaster around here lately; I have an AC in my room, I've been keeping myself hydrated, and I try to stay made in the shade while out. You've been on the road a lot this summer; I pray you've found cool rooms with Air Conditioning to stay in along the way. What kind of vehicle have you been driving/riding in during the trip? Vehicle's AC standing the scorcher weather well? There was this one time years ago, my mom and I went to DC to check out the LEGO Imagination Celebration Truck, but "Ol' Faithful" couldn't take the heat at the apex of our trip; we had to ride back to Culpepper in the Tow Truck that towed our car there, meet pop and ride home from there. All in all, it was a good adventure.
Please tell me some of your stories, Jackie. :)
TTYL. Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
Jackie sneaks into IRC, provides logs
July 22, 2010 - 7:00pm
Chris, don't have a lot of time to talk, driving around Toronto tonight. But I had the idea of sneaking into one of their IRC chatrooms to find out more info about what they're doing, because I didn't believe this playstation 3 thing, but I found out some stuff. I was only in the chatroom for a few minutes pretending to be a troll (my name is "nyycklaj") but I talked to that canine guy, this is the chatlog (the password for the log is "troll"):
http://pastebin.ca/VxvlnDjb
I had to leave because I'm so busy so I don't know if anything else was said but I think I saw quite enough. I know you said you don't want to talk about this, I can't bear to see how they treat you either but you do need to do something. Chris, they've got some foolproof plan. They may be assholes but unfortunately, they plan ahead. I think you'd better deal with this NOW. Get in that inner circle and shut them down.
I feel really bad about them doing this to you, Chris. I want you to just blow up their website and end this once and for all. Because frankly, if we're going to try to start a potential relationship I want your life to be free of this baggage when we do, or else we won't have a chance. I want this to all be behind you when I see you.
Jackie
July 24, 2010 - 4:02am
Well, I promise to try and see what I can do from within their Forum.
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe and Sweet,
Christian.
In which Jackie demands too much of Chris
July 24, 2010 - 12:17pm
Well, I want to see what you do. Like I said Chris, I want this troll stuff to be done with soon. Remember, it was your lies that ruined our chances before, and you lied about things because you were so paranoid that the trolls were still slandering you. I don't want that to get in the way again. So I want you to deal with this. Please? I don't mean to sound harsh but I think it's fair of me to ask this of you.
Jackie
Autism compels Chris to require specific step-by-step instruction on how to tear down the CWCki
July 24, 2010 - 3:39pm
It's fair enough; I had it coming.
It is one thing of me to get the inner circle entry info; I don't really comprehend specifically what I'm expected to do to "destroy them from within". To my understanding, all I have is getting information that would incriminate them, their current FAIL plan and uncensored jealousy and hatred of me from their P.O.V. Obviously, I feel I am missing a huge, detailed, instructed step of the process to allow me to feel full understanding of "The Plan to Take Down the Cwcki and the Trolls". If you have an idea of that detailed step, I would be happy to hear it.
I gtg, but I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe and Sweet.
XOXOXOXO <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Christian.
Jackie suggests getting the access codes and hacking into the mainframe
July 24, 2010 - 6:10pm
Hey Chris. I didn't mean to sound harsh or anything in my last email, thanks for understanding.
I understand that you're not sure what to do. But try not to worry too much about it. I think the only thing you need to worry about right now is getting your foot in the door. Once you're in good with the trolls, you can take your time figuring out how to put them down. It's not like they'll be going anywhere, and besides, the more time you just lurk quietly among them, the more they'll trust you - they might show even more weaknesses to you, or they might reveal something that gives you a perfect idea of what to do on the spot. I think that canine guy said you might get access codes to the website's control, right? So that's one option.
My point is, I think you should just get inside right now. Once you're in, we can think of the next step - I'll help you. Just talk to me about what you find going on in there and we can brainstorm together. Sound like a plan, sweetie?
XOXO
Jackie
⇐ Jackie E-mails 3
Jackie E-mails
Jackie E-mails 5 ⇒
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jackie_E-mails_4&oldid=181672"