Title: Jacob Sockness
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jacob
Categories: Honest Articles, Pages with fan videos, Watchmen Saga, Delusions and enablers, Articles of the Now, Autistic, Chris's customers, LGBT, People, Sweethearts, People from the United States, People from California
================================================================================

Chris's recent failings have helped CWCki gather more information for this article. Be a winner by adding this information in.
This new information can be found from the following sources:
• The Place chats - Chris Unblocks Sockness• Information regarding Discord Server
This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
Autism disclosure: This person has autism, a condition of theirs that has affected how they perceive and interact with others and the symptoms of which differs drastically from person to person.
“
The Sacred Shoes have samples of cat & doggy DNA. Looking for the Treasures of Heaven, a single hair from Christine's head to put into an amulet of serious power to manifest one's dreams. This is a divine experience.
”
Sockness after buying Chris's shoes.[1]
“
Stop with the sex obsessions already! Seriously, Please: chill out.
”
Chris, 1 July 2020, criticizing Sockness for his creepy behavior after over a year of it.[2]
Jacob Sockness
Information
Name
Jacob Sockness
Also known as
Michiro HutakiAgian SiinDarkseed2012RamleIronHeartJacob JSdrunkendragon415luvshak214Ashva GohdaGakuto NumataWhite Knight Blue HeartJake Hammerक्रिस्टीन को प्यार करोCentralized Imperial Government of KidasunaCPU God of the Super NintendoRight Eye of GODFanta-FunGOD the All Father
Gender
Nonbinary[?]
Religion
Neo-PaganSatanism (former)
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Amateur OccultistConspiracy TheoristStalkerUnemployed
Saga
Jacob, Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, Twilight, Jail, Third Exile
Jacob Sockness is an intellectually-disabled amateur sorcerer and conspiracy theorist from San Francisco, California who attempted to manipulate Chris into a relationship, notably by exploiting his fantasy world and tricking Chris into believing his imaginary friend approved of the idea.[3] Prior to Sockness's interactions, the Idea Guys had brainwashed Chris into identifying as bisexual, which enabled Sockness to try to become Chris's first (real-world) male sweetheart, which ultimately failed.
Sockness emerged in mid-2018 and was most active between July and November of 2019. He has the dubious honor of embodying every single aspect of the Unholy Quintet over the course of his years of interacting with Chris. He has similarities with Chris, such as being autistic,[4] non-gender-conforming,[5] receiving a monthly tugboat, believing to be a god,[6] thinks he has magic powers and has built an elaborate fantasy universe, into which he has appropriated Sonichu characters, with over a dozen installments that he believes really exist.[7] While he was at first seemingly just another troll, notable for his erotic disposition towards Chris, Sockness became openly malicious after establishing direct contact with Chris.
In mid-2019, Sockness gained influence over Chris by offering to work together financially following Chris's June 2019 ban from eBay, he then achieved considerable influence over Chris's fantasy world, as seen in Sonichu #14. Most of his courting and enabling has been through Twitter, though he has also promoted himself through Reddit, YouTube and even Kiwi Farms. For months, Sockness tried to manipulate Chris into meeting in person, to onlookers' alarm. Yet when Sockness finally set out to travel cross-country to 14 Branchland Court in late September 2019, Chris rebuffed these efforts with the help of the Watchmen. Rehabilitation attempts over the following two months, at one point going even so far as manipulating Chris into mutual flirting, could not ultimately repair their broken relationship, and by the end of November 2019 they rejected each other again. Sockness was nevertheless persistent, and by March 2020 briefly had a toe in Chris's door once again. Chris and Jacob's relationship came to a permanent end in August 2020 after Jacob claimed that Mia Hamm had a child with Chris.[8]
Contents
1 Discovery and motivations
2 Early interactions with Chris
3 Subsequent interactions and Virginia trip
4 Failed romance
5 Jacob as a danger to Chris
5.1 Friendzoning and second estrangement
6 Brief Reemergence
7 Second Blocking Onwards
8 Third trolling cycle
9 Bible
10 Post-Jail return
11 See also
12 External links
13 References
Discovery and motivations
Sockness posing next to a Sonichu Through the Years poster sold by Chris.
Jacob was discovered by chance by Kiwi Farms user neural while observing the many users surrounding Chris's Twitter posts. Upon further investigation, it was revealed that he also had a Kiwi Farms account under the name Jacob JS. It was in his profile page where he accidentally doxed himself by linking to his Facebook and Tumblr that revealed his personal information. As he exposed himself on the Farms, Sockness, like Michael Hirtes, is considered to be a halal lolcow.
Like many of Chris's orbiters, Sockness is a furry and lives in subsidised housing with a tugboat. He has a very low view of blacks, describing them as 'beastly' and 'hyper sexual', believing that 'their race can only rape, because that is [their] way of reproduction in a natural setting.'[9] Unlike the Idea Guys who inserted such themes into Chris's mind for their own amusement, Jacob seems to be genuine. Sockness has been demonstrated to control several sockpuppets that he has used to white-knight and converse with himself; like Chris's similar past attempts to cover himself.
Christorians could not discern the true motivations behind Sockness's behaviour. For a while, Jacob appeared to be the first TRUE and HONEST believer in Sonichu and the Dimensional Merge after Chris, setting him apart from the various trolls professing to protect Chris and the many previous imitators of the Idea Guys pretending to belong to Chris's abortive cult. Over the months, evidence gradually came to light that indicated that Jacob's feelings were not in earnest. In November 2018, Sockness admitted that he did not seriously believe in the Dimensional Merge.[10]
When Chris allowed Jacob access to his Twitter account on 11 July 2019, he boasted about it on Reddit, even claiming that his sexual attraction to Chris was a façade.[11] On 21 September 2019, when a concerned onlooker tried to warn Chris that Sockness was tantamount to an autistic Idea Guy, Sockness embraced the charges of manipulation, justifying his actions as protecting Chris from trolls.[12]
Early interactions with Chris
“
I first fell in love with Christian Weston Chandler and thought I had a big brother when I watched the original run of Geno Samuel's documentaries.
”
Sockness[13]
“
The Sacred Shoes have samples of cat & doggy DNA. Looking for the Treasures of Heaven, a single hair from Christine's head to put into an amulet of serious power to manifest one's dreams. This is a divine experience.
”
Sockness[14]
Sockness after discovering Chris through Geno Samuel's Chris Chan: A Comprehensive History documentary, spent hundreds buying items from Chris's eBay, notably buying his old shoes for worshipping purposes. Chris blocked him on Twitter on 31 January 2019. By 22 May 2019, Jacob's YouTube channel was terminated, and his Twitter account disappeared.
Jacob's reaction to Chris blocking his sockpuppet.
I have the Sonishoes
Click to load content
Stardate
16 March 2019
Made By
Jacob S
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Still, this was not the end of Sockness's involvement with Chris; Jacob then created a new Twitter account named "Chris Kink." On 11 July 2019, while Chris was trying to raise funds for a hotel room at the 2019 BronyCon, a troll SonichuMerch told Chris that Sockness might be interested in buying his bath water. Chris saw dollar signs and followed Sockness.
“
The Sonichu merch guy told Chris I was interested in the buying some bath water. The guy doesn't know I have no money to buy it due to issues with Social Security in May. Even if I had the money, Chris has to follow some exact rules to creating what I need from him. I need him to make and bless some holy water with his juices in it.
”
Sockness explains why Chris started following him.[15]
After establishing direct communication with Chris, Sockness tweeted that he would open a vendor account on eBay for Chris, acting as warehouse, clearing-house and middleman. Chris responded with gratitude.[16] The next day, Chris re-tweeted a GoFundMe campaign by Sockness to raise $300, nominally as a shipping fund.[17] As of September 2019, Sockness has failed to restore Chris's access to eBay, which would have been prohibited at any rate. Sockness has continued to set up GoFundMe pages for Chris's incidental expenses, such as when his car broke down and needed a thousand dollars worth of repairs.[18]
White Knight Blue Heart, Sockness's primary Twitter identity while planning to travel to Chris's home.
Jakoba in Sonichu #14.
Once Sockness had his foot in the door, he began talking about his alternate dimension fantasies, further enabling Chris.
“
Firstly, and mainly, I am not under Anyone’s Control. And second, I still support the Rokat and all the good peoples in Andromeda. I need to meditate further for more sound responses and thoughts. For now I will simply state that your research is valuable, indeed. Going silent.
”
Chris, addressing Sockness. He believes he is not under anyone's control while parroting Sockness's lore.[19]
Chris featured Jakoba, an OC created by Sockness, in Sonichu #14. As Sockness put it: "She drew Jakoba, from one of mine when her CPU pals wanted to see the Rokat".[20] For most of summer 2019, the two interacted relatively little, though other weens tried to push them closer together.[21] In August 2019, Chris, through his Magi-Chan sockpuppet on Twitter, naïvely dismissed Sockness's violent inclinations and approved of Sockness coming to visit.[22]
Subsequent interactions and Virginia trip
Sockness's ominously one-way train ticket, with dates blacked out. Astute observers have calculated that Sockness should have arrived on Saturday evening (28 September 2019) in Charlottesville had he continued.
On 7 September 2019, Sockness released a fabricated conversation between himself and Magi-Chan from May 2019, in which he declared that he and Chris would need meet in person and marry for the Dimensional Merge to proceed. Though Chris affirmed thereafter that the counterfeit dialogue was trustworthy and begged for the funding to travel to California,[23] he changed tactics within a few days, stating on Twitter that Chris, in Magi-Chan's body, had arrived on the West Coast from "behind the dimensional curtain",[24] while Chris's body was safely in Virginia. Nevertheless, Chris remained interested in Sockness coming to visit him at home.[25]
As autumn 2019 began, months of casual online role-playing came to a head: on 24 September, Sockness reported that he had bought train tickets to make the transcontinental trip to Chris.[26] He made clear that his intent was both sexual and violent on Reddit, comparing his plans for Chris's rear to Germany's devastation by Allied bombings during the War,[27] despite being physically incapable of such a feat.[28]
Claim from an anonymous Discord user that a welfare check was requested.
On 25 September, a concerned observer called police for a welfare check on Chris, and claimed that a deputy promised to contact Chris that day and follow up on 28 September.[29] Whether the alleged welfare check had an effect on Chris is uncertain.
On 25 September, Chris posted a statement on Twitter along with a short audio clip, ChrisReleasesAStatementRegardingJacobSockness, indicating his desire for Sockness to return home after Sockness had left for Virginia, and saying that somebody in Chicago would provide him with a return ticket.[30] It seemed that Chris had a moment of clarity long enough to realize the magnitude of what was going to happen. He elaborated on his decisions a day later, including a statement from one of Jacob's imaginary gods, Michiro. In his statement, Chris cited his health as unconducive to having guests, and that Jacob had gone down the path of evil. Chris also said that he foresaw that he and Jacob would end up in a similar situation to how Chris and Cole Smithey are. On 26 September, Sockness admitted defeat, tweeting that his "involvement with the Dimensional Merge has ended in failure" and that he would delete his Twitter account upon returning home.[31] Chris confirmed that Sockness had turned back the next day.[32] In a poorly thought out attempt to save face, Sockness later claimed that the train ticket was his own forgery, and that the entire Virginia trip a sham.[33]
Failed romance
The rift between Jacob and Chris continued to widen on 28 September 2019, when Chris refused to join in Sockness's worship of Barney, whom Jacob believes to be Satan.
Sockness handling Chris's Patreon funding, as he did with eBay earlier in the year.
Despite spending over $1,500 through the course of his failed bid for Chris's attention, Sockness remained determined to win his prize in the end, and managed to slither back into Chris's inner circle of orbiters despite his dangerous behaviour. He apologised for his emotional outbursts to reconcile with Chris, and had indicated that he wishes to try visiting Chris again at some indeterminate future time, making sure to bring a mutual friend along with him.[34] When Chris declared on 28 September his wish to attend BABSCon, a My Little Pony convention then scheduled for April 2020 just outside of San Francisco, Sockness consoled himself that he would see Chris in person after all.[35] However, they did not converse again for over two weeks after this.
Sarah and Steve declare themselves outright to favour Sockness with this original artwork.
Halfway through October 2019, Sockness entered the picture again. On 12 October, Chris whined on Twitter about complaints from customers regarding the Patreon books they had not received.[36] Sockness, sensing an opportunity to regain access to Chris, discussed the matter with him, and then announced with his approval[37] that he would be taking over management of the Patreon's financing, ostensibly to help, in a similar move to his managing Chris's eBay several months earlier. Emboldened, Sockness proclaimed on 16 October that he would fly to Virginia sometime about Halloween.[33] He promptly resumed hitting on Chris over Twitter, with Chris playing into it: on 19 October, Sockness, commenting on a video clip of cosplayers kissing, said: "How about it Love @CPU_CWCSonichu?", to which Chris answered, "I’m not gonna cosplay as Deadpool or a Zombie, but we can kiss at the future time."[38] Halloween 2019 came and went with no indication that Sockness had flown to Virginia as he said he would.
Shifting tactics, Sockness determined to cordon Chris off from other social interactions, establishing himself as the only one Chris could trust. On 3 November 2019 he managed to sour Chris's opinion of Null.[39] Later that week, Sockness allied with a newly returned Sarah and Steve in byzantine Twitter dialogues defending Chris against other enablers who sought to gain influence over him.[40] Among his many attempts to suppress rivals, Sockness harassed MKRNightVee in direct messages.[41] Further seeking to cut Chris off from other contacts, including those who genuinely mean him well, Sockness created a list of various Kiwi Farms and Twitter users he deemed untrustworthy for criticising his bid for control.[42]
Jacob as a danger to Chris
Jacob is clearly unstable, with psychopathic tendencies. In his own mythos he is the prophet of the god of war and death, Jakoba, it is telling that Jacob named a death god after himself. His books contain many references to himself as an evil entity, most bluntly put in Celestial Studies where he says "Our job is to consume human flesh." In addition to this a lot of his books contain rituals, most have graphic descriptions, all of which are made to kill people in cruel and unusual ways. In a 2018 interview he says that he uses these rituals to kill homeless people when he's bored. Also in that interview he says in no uncertain terms that he would rape Chris if his advances are refused. It is unclear if what he says really happens, what matters is that Jacob thinks that he's killing the homeless and summoning daemons which is just as bad. Chris tries to hand wave these glaring faults in Jacob's online persona by saying that everything bad Jacob has done, he did because he was possessed by Jakoba. Despite Jacob saying that it is impossible for Jakoba to possess him. Jacob claims that Jakoba is responsible for the "red tape" preventing the Merge, and tries to hold it hostage claiming it will only happen once he has had sex with Chris or they sacrifice a small child. Although it is not known for certain what would happen if Jacob and Chris met, it would certainly not be good.
Friendzoning and second estrangement
“
I was following the request of Magi-Chan to keep on with Jacob, yet my feelings for him have developed, during the months. As for the present, I had to cool the romance, because even I Knew the whole time it was not meant to be, and Jacob's usefulness had become compromised.
”
Chris explaining his reasons for involving himself with Sockness to a random ween[43]
Pressuring Chris to abandon his other contacts ultimately backfired. Chris received the list itself lukewarmly: while he affirmed that he was in love with Sockness, he still maintained some reservations.[44] He challenged Sockness, noting that the list consisted mostly of Sockness's own enemies and asking whether he would be blacklisted also were he to turn on him.[45] Sockness went on to defeat the various pretenders to his position without much fanfare, though in vain: Chris was repulsed by Sockness's professed associations with demons, and issued a statement on 28 November 2019 that he was not in a romantic relationship with him, and moreover that the Dimensional Merge would be endangered if such intimacy were to occur.[46] His decision was applauded by other enablers, some of whom had become Jacob's targets. Nonetheless, Chris still counted Sockness as a friend, and thought of himself as protecting him against demons.[41]
As had come to pass two months earlier, when Chris disrupted his journey to Virginia, Sockness responded to the word that he had been rejected with tard rage. He delivered an ultimatum to Chris, threatening to revoke his tacit permission to use his fictional setting in Sonichu and pursue him for copyright infringement if he continued to use them, unless they got married.[47] While Chris agreed apathetically no longer to use Jacob's demonic characters in his own works, he displayed in an autistic Parthian shot his usual comprehension level of how intellectual property works: Chris's own experiences and memories of Jacob's fictional universe were inviolable. Sockness remained adamant, sternly reiterating the legal limits on what Chris could do financially with his characters in an endeavour to bring him back into his flabby arms. Holding firm, Chris stolidly divested himself of him by writing off their past business together as being at Magi-Chan's request and describing Sockness as having outlived his usefulness.[43] The two did not speak each other for over three weeks, and their friendship was dealt a hard blow.
December 2019 saw Chris's relations with Sockness continue to sour. On 15 December 2019 Chris requested Sockness be removed from The Place as he had noticed he was still in the members list.[48] Defying Sockness's order not to use his fantasy world, on 16 December 2019 Chris released trading card, declaring that his final triumph over Jacob and his infernal horde was assured.[49] Later that month, Sockness sought to spark conflict between Chris and an enabler, but Chris recognised and dismissed these as the fabrications they were.[50] On 23 December 2019, Marvin blocked Sockness's Twitter account. Sockness then angrily texted Chris to confront him over the block, but Chris decided to ignore him.[51] Even Jacob's plan to confront Chris again at BABScon was derailed: the convention was cancelled in March 2020 due to the risk of COVID-19.[52] Unlike the deep scars left to the Sonichu canon by the Idea Guys, Sockness's contributions, if not rejected outright, seemed to have been turned on their head and made impotent to warp Chris's thought any more than it already is. For once, it appeared that Chris had actually managed to evade one of his malicious orbiters.
Brief Reemergence
“
No. At least, not yet.
”
Chris, 15 July 2020, to a fan asking whether he and Sockness are dating.[53]
Though Sockness had managed to make a reappearance in early 2020 and had attempted to get his foot in the door, it wasn't until Summer 2020 when Chris finally started humouring him in public again. Even so, Chris became increasingly dissatisfied with some of Sockness's behaviour, openly rebuking him over Twitter.
“
Therefore, all of your information is false, and, once again, you can shut the hell up about this bull shit. End of discussion. ⚡⚡⚡
”
Chris Sonichu, rebuking Sockness over Twitter over his creepy behaviour and attempts at manipulation.[54]
The supposed "proof" Jacob gave for visiting 14BLC.
As a result of Sockness's secretive behaviour, much of what he has done with regards to attempting to get his foot back in the door with Chris can only be ascertained from Chris's comments and retweets on Sockness's posts; in early July 2020, Chris rebuked Sockness while playing as Sonichu for his creepy behaviour, and then told him in no uncertain terms to 'shut the hell up' when Sockness attempted to trick him into believing he had a 10 year old illegitimate son, born from his fling with the prostitute Mia Hamm. Even though Chris remained under Sockness's thrall, still believing other enabler-forced events to be true in the same breath, it was clear that once again, he managed to discern reality from fiction for just long enough to shoot down Sockness's misbehavior, if only for a few moments. With the cancellation of BABSCon due to COVID-19, he claimed to have caused storms over China for stopping his plan to "meet the goddess."
Second Blocking Onwards
In August 2020, Chris got in yet another Twitter spat with Ben Saint. This time, Sockness decided to butt in and add his own flavor of idiocy to the slapfight. This proved to be the last straw for Chris, who called Jacob out once more before blocking him. Afterwards, this turned Sockness off on Chris for good as he later posted occasional rants against Chris on his Twitter and his personal Subreddit, attacking Chris for his opposition to Pmurt, who Jacob supports with a religious fervor, and coming up with plans to disrupt the Dimensional Merge. However, Sockness eventually cycled back into displaying his affection to Chris in a vain attempt to win back his heart. Sockness continued to try to and worm his way back into Chris’s life, but with his public Twitter account being suspended on January 2021 and Chris deciding not to respond to his tweets and texts, no progress was ever made.
Helena clarifies why Chris considers Sockness dead.
In June 2021, Chris made a social media post naming Jacob as being among the five most negatively impactful people in his life,[55] casting severe doubt on the likelihood of any potential reconciliation between the two.
During August 2021, as the fallout of the Incest call being leaked was occurring, Jacob responded to a Reddit thread asking about what he thought of the situation, stating that he no longer wanted to be involved with Chris, and that he was glad that the September 2019 train trip failed.[56] A few weeks later, Jacob made a video to spread a rumor that a member of Praetor was responsible for Chris having sex with Barbara.[57] Since then, Jacob has been periodically swinging between wanting to bang Chris once again, to hating his guts and wanting to replace him in his demented pantheon.
Third trolling cycle
Sockness sends Chris a photo of his ass.
A Christorian meets Sockness in person.
Any newfound optimism onlookers might have found in Chris's ability to discern his enablers' true intent turned out to be misguided. Through early 2020, Chris had fallen further into occult practises. On 31 March 2020, Chris built a pagan altar in his bedroom according to instructions found in one of Sockness's books.[58][59] Soon thereafter, on 6 April 2020, Chris followed Jacob again on Twitter.[5] What precisely Sockness was doing at this time is unknown, as he restricted public access to his Twitter account on 19 April.[60]
Jacob also declared that he would attempt to attend the brony convention Everfree Northwest in disguise the following year.[61] In response, Chris asked Bella to act as a bodyguard.[62] According to a conversation between Bella and Fiona, Chris had told them all about Sockness, prompting Fiona to declare him as the "worst of A-logs".[63] Jacob continued to post about Chris, even during his arrest in jail, writing a letter to him in jail, which he claimed he would only post on an undisclosed paywall when he receives it. He also claimed that he had visited 14 Branchland Court at some point, posting a recreation of the visit, which involves the general layout of the house, in Microsoft Paint.[64]
In Jail Letter - 29 July 2022, Chris claimed Sockness had died. Helena stated in response to a fan that this was because a fictional version of Sockness was requested to die in her comic and Chris was told the death happened in the comic.
Bible
At an unknown time, Chris had read a Bible that Sockness had sent to him. The Bible seems to consist of 7 books, numbered from 0 to 6. Each of these books is split up into somewhere between 4 to 6 smaller sections. The Bible was first retrieved by Naught on 14 November 2020 and later posted on the Official CWCki Server. It was later recovered on 15 March 2023 by CWCki mod PsychoNerd054 and a former Watchman member. As a result of being discarded for three years, and many hoaxes surrounding Chris, the Bible had long since been considered a hoax itself.
Post-Jail return
After Chris was released from jail and spotted at Walmart, Sockness made two Instagram posts about Chris, the first was a screenshot of Sockness sending Chris a photo of his ass, the second was a repost of one of the Walmart photos.[65]
In an amusing twist of irony, someone spotted Sockness himself on 23 June, and uploaded two photos of him to Reddit.[66] In the photo, Sockness looks as hugely obese as he already is, with his belly massive, and wearing a Sonichu medallion.
See also
ChrisReleasesAStatementRegardingJacobSockness
Kidasuna
Nightvee & the Warriors For Andromeda, a TSSSF pack featuring lore from Jacob Sockness.
Sockness DMs
Sockness impersonates Magi-Chan
External links
Jacob's Google drive, including all of the books
References
↑ https://twitter.com/darkseed2012/status/1107477177149251585 Deleted
↑ https://twitter.com/CPU_CWCSonichu/status/1278236917952327682
↑ Sockness impersonates Magi-Chan
↑ Sockness admits he is autistic,
↑ 5.0 5.1 Sockness returns to Chris's interest, 6 April 2020
↑ Sockness claimed to be the Hindu god Ganesh
↑ Sockness's 19-volume series for sale on Lulu
↑ July 2020 social media posts#Jacob sex obsessions
↑ Sockness's lolcow thread on Kiwi Farms
↑ Interview with Sockness on YouTube, conducted 18 November 2018, released 29 October 2019
↑ Sockness states his erotic desires for Chris are not genuine, 11 July 2019
↑ Dialogue between Sockness and onlooker
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/drxzg7/am_i_responsible_for_the_sockness_saga/
↑ https://twitter.com/darkseed2012/status/1107477177149251585 Deleted
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/cbmq7m/chris_is_following_sockness_on_twitter/ethqxsd/
↑ Twitter 7/14 - Chris will circumvent his Ebay seller ban by teaming up with Sockness
↑ http://archive.fo/nkTcS
↑ September 2019 social media posts#Car is repaired but Chris needs cash (again)
↑ https://twitter.com/CPU_CWCSonichu/status/1154376923520352256
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/cgybzh/chris_drawing_with_his_awkward_pen_grip_while/euxv3zz/
↑ Sarah and Steve
↑ August 2019 social media posts#Magi-Chan responds to Sockness' violent tendencies
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/sockness-manipulated-chris-with-threat-to-stop-the-merge-rping-as-magi-chan.60642/post-5298762
↑ September 2019 social media posts#Longing for the Teen Troon Saga
↑ Psychic California Trip
↑ Sockness announces he has secured transport on Reddit
↑ Sockness: 'I'll just destroy her ass like carpeting bombing Germany in WWII. It'll be in flaming ruin.'
↑ Sockness reveals incapacity to rape Chris, 27 November 2019
↑ https://cwcki.club/index.php?threads/sockness-foiled-virginia-trip-what-really-happened.2424/
↑ Chris declares Sockness's destiny is to go home, asks his followers to stop him in Chicago
↑ Sockness quits, tweet screenshot mirrored on Kiwi Farms
↑ September 2019 social media posts#Sockness is going home
↑ 33.0 33.1 Tweet by Sockness, 16 October 2019
↑ File:SocknessPlans.png
↑ Sockness's Twitter, archived 30 September 2019
↑ October 2019 social media posts#Chris orders the Shipfic cards, snaps at customers wanting books
↑ October 2019 social media posts#Good News to Patient Patrons (Patreon post)
↑ https://twitter.com/CPU_CWCSonichu/status/1185683452282261505
↑ Null#Chris turns against Null
↑ Peak autism, 8 November 2019
↑ 41.0 41.1 Merge table talk, 27 November 2019
↑ Sockness's Black Book, 11 November 2019
↑ 43.0 43.1 Chris blames Magi-Chan for Sockness, 30 November 2019
↑ Chris endorses Sockness against MKR, 11 November 2019
↑ Chris's challenge for Sockness, 11 November 2019
↑ Chris rejects Sockness's overtures, 28 November 2019
↑ Sockness turns on Chris, 29 November 2019
↑ The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Chris asks for Jacob to be kicked
↑ Chris commemorates his victory, 16 December 2019
↑ Sockness denounced as forger, 22 December 2019
↑ The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Marvin blocks Sockness, fated Pokemon card
↑ BABScon 2020 is cancelled due to SARS 2 outbreak, 18 March 2020.
↑ https://twitter.com/CPU_CWCSonichu/status/1282966598911815680
↑ July 2020 social media posts#Jacob sex obsessions
↑ June_2021_social_media_posts#Discussing_trolls_and_other_stuff
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/jacob-sockness-michiro-hutaki-agian-siin-jacob-js-darkseed2012-ramleironheart.48287/page-96#post-9585377
↑ https://www.bitchute.com/video/SdSo0OsJhNcL/
↑ Chris's altar, 31 March 2020
↑ Sockness affirms the altar is after his model
↑ Sockness's restricted profile, 19 April 2020
↑ u/luvshak214. Going to Ever Free (archived). r/Kidasuna.
↑ Bella chats#The Selected Few
↑ Chess Group 15 Chats#Sockness
↑ Floor Plan 14 BL. r/{{{subreddit}}}.
↑ https://www.instagram.com/uaeoh415/
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20230624025317/https://www.reddit.com/gallery/14hhgmt
Jacob Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Jacob Sockness
Kidasuna
MKRNightVee
AquaDiamond8
Naught
Kyle
Marvin
CultOfCWC
Virginia Trip
Romance with Chris
Psychic California Trip
Statement about Sockness
Sockness DMs
Magi-Chan Impersonation
Coinciding Sagas: Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
v • d • e
Delusions and enablers
Fantasy World
Core beliefs
Conspiracy theories • CWCville • Daydreams • Death threats • Dreams  • Imaginary family • Imaginary friends‎ • Magical thinking • Messiah complex • Meditation‎‎ • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Extensions
Akashic Records • Avatar State • Chaos Control • Commandments • Fangs • Good Mirror of ElAeRa • Hexes • Iron Curtain • Job as a Goddess • My Little Pony Protests • Magic stones • PsychicPowers • Royal/Cherokee heritage • Self-inflicted taint wound • Spirit possession‎ • Tarot • Taser
Influenced byIdea Guys
CPU Blue Heart • Dimensions • Dimensional Merge • Hyperdimension Neptunia • Polyamorous marriage
Cult of the Idea Guys
Cult leadersand enablers
Idea Guys • Teen Troon Squad • Reginald Chandler (troll) • Watchmen • Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • The Sergeant at Arms • Helena Fiorenza • Praetor • Larry Vaughn • KwaiiSandbag • Isabella Janke • Fiona Cooper • Michael Afghani • Kenneth Erwin Engelhardt • Other enablers
Beliefs instilled into Chris
Bisexuality • Cryzel Torture •
Fabricated Magi-Chan conversation • Operation BARBarossa • Nazis • Sonichu #13
OCs instilled into Chris
Akan • Arfoire • Bundychu • Cryzel Rosechu • Kidasuna (the Rokat, Michiro, Jakoba) • Kun T’Nyuget • Perceptor Sonichu • The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Fantasy-induced events
By Idea Guys
Remove Kebab dance • Slav Squat • Fandoms Apology • Destruction of Christine Doll Mk. 1 • Christmas tree destruction • House Tour III • Wall licking • Cryzel Torture (Chris's pleas) • "AY YOU TOILET!" • The Bad Beginning
Others
First recorded statement of Magi-Chan • Chris hangs out with Xleepy and Co. • Interview with Noah and Max Mandu • Psychic California Trip • Goochland Library Sermon • The Vaughn Interlude
People appropriated by Chris as 'OCs'
DRWolf • ProjectSNT
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jacob_Sockness&oldid=354510"