Title: Jail Letter - 8 January 2022
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Jail_Letter_-_8_January_2022
Categories: Category, Jail Letters
================================================================================

PROTIP:
This letter mentions - yet again - an attempt by someone to troll Chris in jail. Don't do this.
On 8 January 2022, Chris sent his second letter to Spamton G. Spamton.
Spamton had posted the full letter on Kiwi Farms on 5 August 2022.
Some highlights of this letter include:
Chris had requested that Spamton only share the very last page of the letter. Spamton doesn't even share the envelope this letter was sent in.
Despite this, Spamton summarizes several portions of the letter that he wasn't allowed to share. Much of the content from the rest of the letter can be made out from this.
On the top of the 7th page of the letter, Chris labels various parts of the Sonichu cross, indicating what they're called. He also provides directions on how one can create a Sonichu cross of their own.
In the portion of the letter that is shared, Chris reveals that at some point in jail, he has been contacted by an anonymous troll who had figured out how to send letters to him without the use of a return address. This troll has been roleplaying as a descendent of the Crusaders. Spamtom claims that the address of the letter sent belonged to someone in NY, as that was the state infered in the address.
Kiwi Farms Posts
I apologize I haven't gotten back to you all, I have been busy with IRL things. I have an important update that I should share with you all on this thread. I have received a second letter from Chris about a week ago, which is dated January 8th, 2022 (the second 2 is backwards on the letter though, lol). Normally, I would upload this letter freely onto the site for the sake of archival work and the like; however, it would seem that Chris has specifically requested within the letter that a majority of information within it should not be made public. Now, while a large part of me greatly wants to not listen to someone who most likely committed horrible sins against their own mother, the moral side of me still wishes to respect these wishes, as the information isn't necessarily groundbreaking nor dangerous (as far as I am aware). I will, however, update you all on what Chris has outlined as being acceptable to release publicly as it's only right and just.
I wrote a quick response letter with some simple questions for Chris to answer in the hopes that this would be the last letter I would receive. The following info is directly from the letter I received.
-Someone who is referred to as "Elijah" received a copy of Chris' rendition of the 10 Commandments and it seems like Chris is gathering an, pardon my wording on this, autistic variation of the knights of the round table. By this, I mean Chris is recruiting people who he deems to have greater spiritual/religious intentions or whoever he deems worthy. It would also seem that Chris has deemed me as "Moses" for some reason. I am unsure if I should be outright disgusted with the notion or find it amusing. Or both.
-Chris is optimistic about his trial and outcome, hoping for a full pardon.
-Chris at the time of writing has been written to by a total of 73 individuals, with 16 letters being from "bad and false" individuals. Chris has written to around 20 individuals, apparently.
-There are details about the apparent prophetic visions which Chris requests be kept a secret, but I will inform you that the "Two Suns" dream comes from Terminator 2: Judgement Day. I don't think it would be too much of a breach of privacy to make that known.
-A Neo-Spiritual Christianity (may Christ have mercy on me for even writing out those words) rendition of the Holy Bible will apparently be written
-Barb is not the Virgin Mary or anyone else, but is just simply another person
-Most concerningly, someone from the state of NY wrote to Chris who is most likely larping as the descendant of the crusaders. They had a logo with "a shield, crown and [presumably the image of body armor drawn by Chris] and [a cross that has two horizontal beams, one near the bottom and one at the top] around it and a [image of a sun? or a circular object?] under it, with "Nihil Sine Deo" [Nothing without God in Latin] above the crown." According to Chris, this individual claims to be a landed Catholic whose family was involved with the Holy Lance. If it was someone from here, please stop larping for the sake of your immortal soul.
Attached below is final page of the letter, which I believe is to be made public(?)
Due to the troubling nature of the final part of this letter, I will [sadly] be writing a response to Chris. I also want to personally say that anyone thinking of mailing Chris, especially for the prospects of weening, should think twice. It's unknown if Chris will be moved or not in the coming months due to his trial, and if so, to where.
To be honest, when I first wrote to Chris, I was not expecting any kind of response from him. I was hoping that Chris would either take the advice I gave him to heart or at least considered for a second what I suggested he should do. Instead, I am currently in a strange position writing and receiving letters from a potential incestuous rapist who thinks he's God. I think what's most disturbing about this whole situation is that people are still actively trying to feed into Chris' delusions. I have no problems writing to those in prison. I've been pen pals with Gypsy Crusader for a little while now, and I hope to start writing to several others who likely have no one looking out for them at this moment. However, Chris is severely mentally ill, delusional and definitely flirting with the demonic. If the circumstances weren't as they were, I likely wouldn't have sent a second letter.
You all deserve to know about what's going on with Chris and his life. Chris has no family outside of his mother, who in all likelihood he violated. There's no private parties nor people whom he can associate with, as he's the most documented person in history. Because of this, I think it's only righteous and just to keep this information in the public circle, so that the story of one of the most absurd figures can remain preserved. Let's just hope that Chris' story will one day serve as a warning against the dangers of anti-realism and centering one's life around fiction. I will keep you all updated if anything changes or if I receive another letter.
Let the mods decide if this warrants its own thread or not. I hope you all are in good spirits. Please pray for Chris and for everyone who is currently in prison. You will all remain in my prayers.
THAT'S ALL FROM YOUR [number 1 rated garbage puppet] PAL, SPAMTON.
-SPAMTON [g.] SPAMTON.
It was always within my intention to post this after some time had passed [within a month was the goal, but I got swept up in irl things], as I didn't want to upset Chris enough for him to stop responding to me. Not for my own gain, mind you, but because that would leave Chris' condition to the mercy of his weens. Above even that, a lack of good communication with Chris would prevent any real info coming to the farms and to wider society.
Well, lo and behold, as I believe I might not be able to contact Chris for the foreseeable future. He hasn't returned any of my letters yet, which I can reasonably take as a sign that I'm no longer in his good graces. I cannot confirm such a thing, but I believe this to be the case as of this moment considering the fact that I was straightforward with Chris in my last letter. I warned him about the kinds of people who would want to contact him and that he is free to report any kind of abuse or issues he has faced thus far in prison.
I would like to note that while I have honored Chris' request to withhold this letter's contents, I no longer believe it to be an issue to share it. I wouldn't believe that it would further upset Chris, but even if it did, I believe that I have an obligation to share this with everyone. It's a vital piece of this man's history, and might be important for the future. In light of Chris' trial and hearings, I can only hope the information detailed in this letter will be put to good use.
As I said previously, I don't think there's anything really noteworthy in this letter. However, it's still necessary that I put it up here. I do apologize if my behavior seemed weenish, especially at the time. This was not my intent. That being said, I will stand by my morals, even if it means Chris won't continue correspondence. I only wish to treat him as a person, and warn him of his wrongdoings and potential dangers. This is all to say that I detest weening, and people who enable Chris' bad behaviors. I've tried my best to help Chris, but it's ultimately up to him to save his own soul (with The Lord's help, of course).
I have faith that there is always light in the darkness. What matters is that we reach for it.
Chris's Response
(Please, do not upload this letter online unless I specify specific portions to be uploaded) January 8, 20S2
(Many Spiritual Greetings)
Gana Fala ni, [SPAMTON]
You have done well, [SPAMTON] and I thank you. And for reference, I AM the Good Lord, personally, so while but I do appreciate the reminders and kind words as affirmations. And I do have All of the Guardian Angels, the Armies of Heaven, and All in appreciated, humble stead and support, In protection of my Body, they all do aid in keeping all Demons away from her, as do I with my Light Power and Chaos Rainbow abilities and powers.
To answer your questions:
1) As outlined in Malachi, the remainder of Moses' Ten Commandments was a part of these present events, as is my personally updating them with the eleven new commandments added to be later made public as Christianity is upgraded to Neo Spiritual Christianity[His retarded logo in place of the dot on i] after the Collective Shift of the Majority to C-197 Earth, to make the original Universe, there, whole again, is fully completed. As for my revisions to six of the ten commandments, the Majority of humans have come to better appreciate and comprehend the practices in Magic, Psychic Powers, Safer Sexual Intercourse, and Soul Bonding, and so forth over the centuries. Not to mention Time moves Faster in the Heaven Realm: 3 Earth Days equates to 4 Monhs in both Heaven and Hell Realms. Counting equates to 4 Months in both Heaven and Hell Realms. Counting the Leap Days, 2,021 Earth Years equals 8,200,620.92 Heaven Years;I have done the extensive math in writing on November 14, written in my Goddess Log. A LOT of new, good and valid Gods, Goddesses, and Idols have been... ->
... manifested by Emanuel over that time to serve the needs and comprehension of the humans on appropriate timings over the years that also led to the formation of the council of Gods and a Lot of rules that have changed. so we've readjusted as needed. This is good, for humankind had found greater Spiritual Satisfactions and Understandings from being open to what in the Long Ago Past, had not yet been fully understood, and set sound guidelines in responsibility. Also, "God Damn" really irks I and ALL of the other Gods and Goddesses, and in witnessing how a number have Failed to testify with better judgement of the circumstances, and Fell for the Demon-Filled Drama, and have landed my Body in Jail (AGAIN, like in Jerusalem), I felt need to update and empathize on them. Also deaths and Fetishes for violence, hate, and deaths Really need to be epically Downplayed.
2) Preface: As it was with my Body and Consciousness in spoon-feeding the Ultimate Truths of her and I Being Jesus and God and all this, so it is with All other humans of 1218 Earth. Your past comprehensions are what keep you all as grounded and sound as possible and listen to the truth and reason. Like long ago as Jesus when I extensively had introduced myself as Lord AND God, stones were thrown at me as "blasphemy", if I were to jump to EVERYTHING of the Ultimate Truths with y'all, not only would y'all, or a lot out of this Earth shout "blasphemy", but also be prone to closing me out. And I can't help anyone if they are closed off from me. Everything in approp-riate timing, and we are on schedule, all things considered. ->
The original written pages with these adjusted and new commandments I have written last October and embargoed until recently, yes, for the Ten needed to be reminded. You and your group are one flock of messengers out of the growing numbers who are becoming genuinely woke to these shifts, events, and truths. Yet your foretold "Elijah", the First Messenger, is someone else; they have received a copy of these updated Ten. They have proven themself, most exceptionally, with their authenticity, honesty, keeping secret what is needed to remain and the High Enlightenments and Psychic Powers and Abilitie[s. SPAMTON] you were chosen, because, simply the Timing was more right, and the Religious Leaders, Remaining, ALL need to be made conscious, aware, and enlightened for themselves, respectively, with their meditations and enlightenments. Also, you have written to me, as you were foreknown and meant to, with the correct vibrations aura, and truth within you.
3) There is NO Doubt I and my Body shall be forgiven, pardoned, and cleared of all charges, quickly and with divinity actions.
4) The only things meant to be Public are of that which has already been shared and that of the truth, shifts, and events that shall be manifested and shared. Everything involving this Jail, inmates and staff are minor in comparison, yet remain a concern and detail among the other details in our views as their Gods and Saviors.
->
5) Counting you, I have received Good and Neutral letters, on present count, from 73 individuals, and I have received bad and false mail from 16 individuals. Counting you, I have responded to about 20 individuals, appropriately. I and Magi-Chan Sonichu have been fully aware of those who may write with selfish intentions, but we read the Auras of each letter, and select Only those few who were meant to be responded to. For regardless, out of those with egotistical want to share the letters online, they are all each sharing the Truth, thus further bringing to completion the spoon-feeding of the Truth and Waking everyone else.
6) It is a Popular Prophetic Vision that a lot of you all have among your dreams (it was even shown in the movie, "Terminator 2: Judgement Day"). The dream goes where you're inside and the heat, brightness, and even toxic gases, had intensified outside (if you're outside, you'll see Two Suns), and the curtains are impossible to close. Also in view are multiple crucifixes and clocks with no hands, and mentions of Malachi. To Most of 1218 Earth who have had these dreams, I actually neither burn or die and the location looks only slightly different, then I wake up. This dream is popular with all enlightened, and those sensitive to the shifts and events. In some instances, there even is a Blood Red Moon and Purple Skies in these dreams. Now, when the Toxic ones left behind face Judgement Day, only They will see and experience these literal pair of Suns (as they see both the Suns above Earth from 1218 and C-197, as well as the Blood Red Moon on the other side of the Earth) ->
Your "Revelation" quote reminded me of my recent fights and wins over Sockness' massively Demonic minions and manifestations on both Earths. I tell you true, that guy is soo Toxic and Evil and Demonic, not even Devils, Satan or even Hades, themselves, want Sockness in Hell Realm or a damn thing to do with him. Anyway, I, the other Gods and Goddesses and Everyone managed to power him down vastly. That guy's got nothing on me. Anyway, the truth I had also revealed earlier where Any one, many, All, or no Religions are all correct, whichever one feels best and resonant with; the greater truth on that is each Religion around the Earth, regardless of literature and background, has a Piece, multiple Pieces, or so of the ultimate Truths. Here's the thing: Openness, Not Segregation, of these Religions and Pieces of Details and Truth and coming together for the Common Ground and links of the Pieces are what, ultimately is to be. I am Not Saying combine all Religions into one, because [hark?] having Everything on one metaphorical plate is typically Too Much for one typical individual to handle in mentality. Although with Neo Spiritual Christianity is going to mainly be the original Holy Bible, Torah and even Qur'an as main references, with room and openness for all other Religous literature and insight, but the N[ational].S[ocialist].C[hu] Bible will be a bunch of all that from my view, as well as how the behaviour has been in a bunch of all that from my view, as well as how the behaviour has been in Modern Times, with a number of updates and further clarity, and input from others and their respective insights as well, with the goal for each individual to Meditate and become Enlightened and Chakra and Aura-Awesome Spiritual. Kind of, in part, "The Best ofs" and then some. Also, Magic and Psychic Abilities shall be encouraged. ->
But yes, I will organize a collab on that, while I contribute further, as well as my physical and psychic and magic and spiritual journies, with continued works on the "Sonichu" Books, Animated Show, and other media as well, with additional collabs and socializing that benefits others over myself, while I shall be taking care of myself (Self-Love; Not Selfish) in all of this. I have Big Plans after Collective Shift and my getting my Body out of Jail and back home to the Sonichu Temple safe, alive, and well. My Body and I Are Immortal.
Also, so you know: Barbara, my mom, is not Emanuel, nor is she a God or Virgin Mary reincarnated, but Barbara should be appreciated and treated kindly like most everyone, kind, have treated me. Emanuel is my Mother, as he was my father over 2022 years ago;she changed her gender and form over a century ago, and she can Literally change her physical form to Any Creature, and Arceus(the First one)was manifested from a piece of her as well; Emanuel also has a [S, unintelligible, 1?] Sonichu form. She even turned to the concoction Matt Stone & Trey Parker came up with for a short while;she didn't care for it. Anyway, nobody is really wrong of her form, but she's staying woman, and she continues to help you all from Heaven Realm, and a number of times on Earth, physically. ->4
{<3}				[T]			[I]			{[<3I]}
CPU Blue heart logo & 	Good ol’ crucifix	Sharicite Crystal	Neo Spiritual
my personal Cutie mark							Christianity crucifix
So Y’all know
Healing and Magic Stones and all are
Good. I even found Frankensence Incense,
And lit up, it smelled lovely. I still have conscious
Need to know of Myrrh once again.
If you want to make one, make it entirely out of Quartz with a Blue Heart, Yellow Lighting bolts, and a metal rod up the shaft and through the center of the loop and affix to a metal stand. Program the Quartz with positive Aura and Vibrations for spiritual Enlightenment and healing
I also have a question for you. Before you wrote me, [CENSORED] The letter was typed, has a logo with a shield, crown and {} and [] around it and a [O] under it with “NIHIL SINE DEO” above the crown. This person wished to remain anonymous, yet signed the bottom in a very untranscribable cursive handwriting. Mentioned they were a descendant in a very ancient European family, Catholic, their family made their name during the first crusade against Jerusalem, and the spear of Longinus/holy spear. Do you, perhaps, know of this individual? Here was no return address, but the postal time stamp read New York.
That’s all I have for now. Thank you, [CENSORED] I personally bless you.
Be safe & Well,
Mw. Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu.
Original scans
Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Page 5
Page 6
Page 7
Jail Saga
The Players
People: Chris • David Heilberg • Praetor (Caden Peck) • Kenneth Engelhardt • Barbara Chandler • Spooky Bones •
Rocky Shoemaker • Helena Fiorenza • Edmund McMillen • Eels and the Egg-man • Flutter • Spamton G. Spamton • Zombo • Cory Allison • The Crusader • Bizarre Bazaar • Celestia • Michael Afghani • Jacob Sockness
Places
Jail Updates
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Western State Hospital
Jail Communications
Jail Art
Jail Art (reverse side)
Neo Spiritual Christianity
Jail Letter Gifts
March 2023 Praetor Interview
Autism disorder deferred disposition
v • d • e
Jail Communications (2021–22)
Letters
All Letters
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48
By recipient
Miscellaneous
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10
Bizarre Bazaar
1 • 2
Celestia
1 • 2
Eels / Helena
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11
Kenneth Engelhardt
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18
• 19 • 20
Spamton
1 • 2 • 3
Calls
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6
See Also
Jail Letter Gifts • Praetor Jail Art • Commandments • Prayer • Excommunication letter from Kenneth Engelhardt • Jail Art (reverse side)
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Jail_Letter_-_8_January_2022&oldid=296700"