Title: June 2014 Facebook Posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/June_2014_Facebook_Posts
Categories: Category, Facebook
================================================================================

The following are a series of posts posted by Chris on Facebook on June 2014.
Contents
1 Summary
2 Posts by Chris
2.1 Original Art For Sale
2.2 Trying Again
2.3 The Third Time
2.4 It's Personal
2.5 Good Grief
2.6 Final Straw
2.7 Chris Then Tries Again
2.8 eBay the Troll
2.9 And Again...
2.10 And Again.
2.11 Wow
2.12 How Long is This Gonna Last?
2.13 Really?
2.14 Another Lego Gift
2.15 Never Give Up
2.16 The Ride Never Ends
2.17 It Still Never Ends
2.18 Father's Day
2.19 It Once Again Never Ends
2.20 Chris's Another FUTURE Message
2.21 Chris Joins ReBrick
2.22 More Minifigures
2.23 Violin for Sale, NOT FAKE! I GUARANTEE IT!
2.24 German Engineering at Its Finest
2.25 And It Begins...
2.26 ReBrick Update
2.27 OK, We Get It Now!
2.28 The Autistic Critic Reviews Escape from Tomorrow
2.29 Still for Sale, Folks!
3 Comments by Chris
3.1 Sheetz review
3.2 Repeat of boycott threat
3.3 Chris is jealous
Summary
Throughout the month there is much drama concerning his effort to sell his original drawing on eBay. His eBay account linked to his Facebook page, and he assumed that all his potential customers would turn to Facebook for the latest news and updates about his merchandise.
10 June - Chris receives a gift of Legos.
15 June - Chris remembers Bob (and Patti) on Father's Day.
18 June - Chris blames stress for not responding to questions promptly.
19 June - Chris announces the posting of a large gallery of his Lego creations on ReBrick.
20-23 June - Chris makes an effort to sell his father's old "Straduarius" violin.
22 June - Chris makes his first public condemnation of Sonic Boom.
23 June - Chris leaves an identical comment on a post on Sega's page, threatening a boycott.
23 June - ReBrick update.
24 June - Chris struggles to explain his irrational hatred of the newly-colored fur on Sonic's upper limbs.
24 June - Chris trawls for pity from an ex-gal pal.
27 June - Chris gives a movie review.
Posts by Chris
Original Art For Sale
1 June 2014
Original art for sale.
Chris made the following classy addenda:
AND, in case you were paying attention, the Raichu Tail is FEMALE, just as the Rosechu that transformed from the original FEMALE Raichu HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL ALWAYS BE; VAGINIA, OVARIES, C-CUP MILKING BREASTS WITH TITS AND ALL!!!
Thank you for noticing that, William.
The next day he noted:
It got REMOVED, because my name as a Celebrity was in the TITLE.
Trying Again
On 2 June Chris again provided a link to the drawing on eBay. Fan "Mer Macie Pantalones" asked:
Why'd you take the other one down just to put this one up?
Another fan suggested:
cause he thinks he's clever, thinking the trolls won't bid bullshit again.
Chris corrected:
NO, the original listing was Removed, because my name as a Celebrity was in the TITLE.
Mer Macie Pantalones:
I can't face palm hard enough for this. Chris. Seriously. Use your brain. It didn't get removed because "you're famous". It was removed because it's against the law and ebay realizes this. You say it's because your name was in the title, but it wasn't in the title, in fact, THIS post and the last post are exactly similar except for the 'disclaimer' at the bottom. Please, just listen to reason once. Just once. That's all I'm asking. InB4 it's taken down again.
Chris:
I am not worried; I reserve the right to Block all offensive users and 0 Feedbacked Bidders.
The Third Time
3 June 2014
And if ANYONE DOUBTS ME AGAIN, please inform them that I AM the original Artist, Creator, And I AM the same person selling this very art piece!!!
It's Personal
Chris linked it yet again.
3 June 2014
It got removed again for having LINKS (to my Facebook pages) in the description. This Time, IT IS PERSONAL!!!
Please ReBid or Bid NOW!!!
Kenneth asked:
Are you saying that E-Bay has a personal grudge against you?
Chris responded:
I am just having screwed-up screwy luck. |:(
Good Grief
Another link.
3 June 2014
Apparently NOW I can't legally accept ANY offers outside of the Bidding AND Buy It Now. Good Grief!
He followed up with a rhetorical question:
WHY must I end up with such screwed-up screwy luck?! DO NOT ANSWER THAT!!!!!
Final Straw
Another link.
4 June 2014
Right! Final Straw!
Kenneth observed:
I just checked the status on E-Bay. There have already been 16 offers on this but they have all been declined.
Chris responded:
I am serious; my mother and I need the money, and THEY HAD THEIR CHANCE! And I am sick and tired of the listing removals by eBay. It has been Very Stressful on me! So either pay in full, or kick yourselves stupid to seriously tired for your lies.
Chris Then Tries Again
Another link.
5 June 2014
Offering Buyer Backed Out; so I relist.
With eBay constantly removing my listing for this SAME, SINGULAR ARTWORK Four Times the past week, and the offer-maker who offered 1,000 on the last listing Totally Bailed! I am super frustrated and I am just SET on one thousand or bust on this SAME drawing what my venture with it having been Really Too Much. And my mother and I REALLY NEED THE MONEY. Please Buy and Pay in Full Now!
Besides which, what about all of the false "merchandise" that has spread here and there from others, and I not see one red cent from any of those sales. And I would think my first new Sonichu and Rosechu drawing from a long time of continuing mental anguish and stress from the threats of the Awful people who had threatened and bullied me since late 2007.
After the high interest over the past week, and the stressful constant removal of the original listing, as well as the following THREE RELISTINGS! And when I thought I had found resolution on the fourth relisting with the $1,000 offer, the doof backed out.
And that is the reasoning behind why this ONE DRAWING which the eBay ventures have been Really Stressing me out for nearly a week, I am set on $1,000.00 Buy It Now Sincerely for mine and my mother's debts and living.
SO THERE.
eBay the Troll
8 June 2014
CRAP!!! After a few days of non-eBay-influenced peace, they tore my listing DOWN AGAIN!!! UGH!!! Too many damn idiots making unsolicited offers while I am SET on the final value after the very same Stress multiple times!!!
And Again...
8 June 2014
I will be relisting Again, and I will make it Very Clear: NO OFFERS LESS THAN THE BUY IT NOW PRICE WILL BE ACCEPTED, AND ANY AND ALL OFFERS WILL BE READ AND DISREGARDED. I am not ignorant! I read all of those comments before I deleted them on the listing link here on Facebook.
My 72-Year Old Mother and I Really Need the Money. Why the hell send your money to the damn Cwcki and it's Forums when the Actual Artist and his family could use the money better for Debt relief and a living. Good Grief!!!
And Again.
8 June 2014
My 72-Year Old Mother and I Really Need the Money. Why the hell send your money to the damn Cwcki and it's Forums when the Actual Artist and his family could use the money better for Debt relief and a living. Good Grief!!!
Please Buy It Now and Pay In Full!!!
Wow
8 June 2014
Are You All HAPPY NOW?!!! Because of ALL OF YOU DAMN TROLLS pushing and Pushing and PUSHING ME, NOW I will not be able to list or relist for THREE DAYS!!! }:((
I am Super Angry at most Everyone for REALLY Letting the Oxygen Out Of My Tank!!!
The ONLY WAY YOU ALL CAN MAKE THIS UP TO ME RIGHT NOW, RIGHT FREAKING NOW!!!
SEND ME $1,000.00, American Dollars, via PayPal to iammrc@aol.com. Quit Donating to the Hate-Crap-Filled Cwcki and it's Forum, and PAY ME!!! Money is Really Tight with me and my mother here!!!
How Long is This Gonna Last?
8 June 2014
QUOTE ME NOW:
Why the hell send your money, Donating to the Hate-Crap-Filled Cwcki and it's Forum, when the Actual Artist and Creator, who has not received ONE RED CENT for ANYTHING "inspired" from my own works SOLD over the freaking, Damnable Internet and its even More Damnable Social Websites, or Wherever, and his family could use the money better for Debt relief And a Living from a Tight, Low Budget!.
Really?
8 June 2014
At this point, I will sell the framed drawing to the first person who sends me $1,000.00, USA American via PayPal (see earlier post). Please provide your name and US Mailing address in the details.
After that, and after the three day suspension, I will be more reasonably priced on future drawings. But if no one sends the $1,000.00, the still current drawing will be relisted for the full $1,000.00, regardless.
Another Lego Gift
10 June 2014
Another gift from Alex; with a note, "Haters to the left. Get that money, Chris". Ha ha, I get the irony and the joke. Thank you.
Never Give Up
Chris posted a link to the drawing again.
12 June 2014
Let's hope it does not get removed again...
The Ride Never Ends
13 June 2014
UGH! Persephone, fuck me; the listing got removed AGAIN!!!
It Still Never Ends
13 June 2014
At this point, I will sell the framed drawing to the first person who sends me $1,000.00, USA American via PayPal (see earlier post). Please provide your name and US Mailing address in the details.
After that, and after the three day suspension, I will be more reasonably priced on future drawings. But if no one sends the $1,000.00, the still current drawing will be relisted for the full $1,000.00, regardless.
Father's Day
Chris honors both Bob and Patti.
15 June 2014
Happy Father's Day to everyone. I miss mine everyday.
Robert Franklin Chandler Jr.
September 4, 1927 - September 6, 2011
Vet stationed in Souel Korea in the Signal Corp during WWII.
Retired Engineer from General Electric, GE, designed many controls schematics for plastic moulding, steel mill, saw mill, etcetera; all with his patents on them. He was very smart and honorable. He was a good father.
It Once Again Never Ends
16 June 2014
I have it relisted, and I have removed the text content as quoted in their recent message; hopefully it will not be removed again.
He added:
I only declined the offers for good reasons: 0 Feedback are often Trolls; if they Really can offer MORE than the asking price or close equal, then they can afford to Buy It Now; I am very, reasonably paranoid.
So there.
Chris's Another FUTURE Message
18 June 2014
Everyone:
I feel need to inform you about my mind, throughout my life, would off and on literally blank out, which is typical among autistic people (Any other autistic person will tell you the same). It has been more constant to me lately, my stress and the heat all have not been of much help to me either. And tons of questions, or questions that intrude into details I can't really talk about; all make me feel like I am being accused of something bad, and/or just plain overwhelms me up to a mild headache. So when I don't or refuse to answer any questions or discuss or respond (especially on the Internet), I am not intending to be mean or bad; I am just unable to. Plus, it is the Internet; I have a life offline, and prefer offline life to remaining behind a screen waiting for a response as quick as in person. Ugh.
Chris Joins ReBrick
19 June 2014
Joined it a few weeks ago; finally felt like adding my Manchester High School building into a new Gallery there.
More Minifigures
20 June 2014
See these and more on my Rebrick.
Violin for Sale, NOT FAKE! I GUARANTEE IT!
Chris referred to his father's "Straduarius" violin which he was trying to sell on eBay.
20 June 2014
I repeat, the bow HAS been restrung. This the SAME Violin I had listed and for sale a few weeks ago. I had better Not Find THIS Relisting of the Violin REMOVED, because it is NOT Fake.
German Engineering at Its Finest
Chris posted new photos of the violin to counter accusations made by one of his fans.
21 June 2014
The SAME Violin; MADE IN GERMANY; Not Japan, Jon Theoneeyedguy Webber
And It Begins...
22 June 2014
CHANGE SONIC'S ARM COLOR BACK, OR I WILL BOYCOTT!!! I feel very strongly pissed off of this change!!!
William asked:
This was announced months ago. Why did you wait until now to complain?
Chris responded on 24 June:
I only just heard and seen the ugly change a few weeks ago, and I had too many other stresses going on to act earlier.
Why do I feel this way?
The same reason why many people feel Michael Jackson should not have had to change his color. Would you want to change your skin detail, just for a "change of image" or an "insecurity of self-concept"?
I would not even commit suicide ever, because of how low in self-confidence and self-esteem I have been feeling for YEARS. I'm going to eventually pass natural.
So, let's get Sonic's arm color changed back!
ReBrick Update
23 June 2014
I've added more photos to new galleries, including the rebuilt High School, as well as my Friends. One of which, inspired by MY Creations, is doing Our School a Great Favor, and I am Supporting The Construction. :)
OK, We Get It Now!
23 June 2014
I took the more reasonable offer that was made closest to the end of the Sonichu and Rosechu drawing's listing. If no payment is received, it will be relisted after a week. The Violin IS NOT FAKE OR COUNTERFEIT, you damn bored, hateful, despicable, immature, uncaring bastards.
The Autistic Critic Reviews Escape from Tomorrow
27 June 2014
I just watched "Escape From Tomorrow" on Netflix. I feel the plot pieces link fair together to the end, but the ending at their bedtime and the surprise the next morning made me feel queasy. Even worse than how dizzy I felt after the first time I watched "Twister". At least the black and white tones made it less gross than it would have in color.
Ugh...
And furthermore, it was dizzy and blank to the mind with the darkness. That is pretty much how I feel when My Mind goes Blank as often as it does, but not as bad.
I tell you what, if you watch this movie, I would believe you would experience the mental state I feel on a near daily basis. It is REALLY nothing to laugh about.
Still for Sale, Folks!
30 June 2014
Now in color.
The buyer flaked out, so after a week from now for my transaction cancellation claim is complete, the first drawing here will Once Again be relisted on eBay.
Comments by Chris
Sheetz review
On 15 June 2014, Chris reviewed Sheetz restaurant, giving it five out of five stars.
Repeat of boycott threat
Chris left the following comment on a post on Sega's page:
23 June 2014
CHANGE SONIC'S ARM COLOR BACK, OR I WILL BOYCOTT!!! I feel very strongly pissed off of this change!!!
Chris is jealous
Chris commented on a photo posted on Marie Quarles's page:
24 June 2014
I'm glad to see at least ONE of my two remaining good gal-pals able to afford Everything Basic and the Bonus Round. :(
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=June_2014_Facebook_Posts&oldid=235211"