Title: Kacey Call 20
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Kacey_Call_20
Categories: Trolling, Phone calls, Liquid Saga
================================================================================

The 20th call between Kacey and Solid Chris. They talk about previous high school "friends", discuss about his target interview and ends with a roleplay of Kacey as a customer and Chris as a customer service representative.
Summary
Chris and Kacey talk about his friends in high school. He said his friends only would hang out with him at school, with the exception of his 18th birthday.
Chris has his interview at Target tomorrow.
Kacey talks about The Office (TV show), and Chris gets kind of pissy and says he's never seen it.
Kacey asks where Chris sees himself in five years. Chris says he will be married and have a daughter. Kacey says that she was talking about a career, not his personal life.
Chris says that he sees himself in a management position at Target in five years.
Chris says he will tell Target that he was laid off from his last job for "personal differences".
When asked about what his weakness in the workplace would be, Chris couldn't come up with an answer for three minutes. Eventually he said he needs to be told what to do.
Kacey spends a while coaching Chris on his interview.
Chris would be making $8.50 an hour.
Kacey does a roleplay with Chris to see if he would be good at his job. This involves Kacey just screaming at Chris saying "I WANT A REFUND! I WANT TO TALK TO YOUR MANAGER!" until Chris says that he will give her money.
Chris doesn't realize that Target and Walmart have different rules and regulations.
Video
Kacey Call 20
Click to load content
Stardate
???
Featuring
Chris; Kacey
Saga
Liquid Liquid Saga
Audio Recordings
previous Kacey Call 19
next Kacey Call 21
Chris: Hello?
Kacey: Hey Chris, it's Kacey, how are ya?
Chris: Hi Kacey, I'm OK, how are you? [long pause] I said I'm OK, how are you? [audio is garbled]
Kacey: I'm good, um, I didn't actually have work today, I just had school, so, you know, I just hung out with some friends because hanging out with friends is awesome.
Chris: Yeah, it is. Yeah, I hung out with my friends a lot back in high school as well, you know. I miss those days. Sometimes.
Kacey: What did you do with your friends back then?
Chris: Well, you know, we hung around, we hung around at school, we hung around during school time. I don't think we did much hanging outside of the school time, though, um… But, yeah, we enjoyed each others company, it was good. And then, and we all, and I also had my friend, I also had my, had all my friends over for my 18th birthday party, which was, which was, which is really nice.
Kacey: OK. I mean I miss high school, too, but um, you know, I grew up. I got better friends.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: So, tomorrow's the big day, I mean shouldn't uh, are you going to get lots of sleep?
Chris: Yeah, I'm gonna get, yeah, I'm gonna get plenty of sleep, that's no problem. That's no problem, I'm going to get plenty of sleep.
Kacey: OK. So what are you gonna wear?
Chris: Yeah, I got my clothes picked out, I got a nice uh, I got my nice dress shirt uh, gonna wear t-, a white t-shirt underneath it got my, got my black pants picked out and, uh, I got my blazer and I'm not wearing the medallion.
Kacey: OK, but you're gonna wear a tie, right?
Chris: Yeah, I don't know where my tie is.
Kacey: Do you, uh, know how to tie a tie? I mean 'cause you should really go get one, I mean you should buy one if you can.
Chris: Hm. Well I'll think about that but anyway I do know how to tie a tie.
Kacey: Well you should because studies show that, uh, having a tie gets you, um, points right off the bat.
Chris: OK. Well if I can find my tie I will wear it.
Kacey: OK, well you should because they make you look professional and you wanna give, um, you know, the best impression that you can.
Chris: Yep. Most certainly do, yep.
Kacey: I mean, I mean haven't you watched The Office? Everyone wears ties there.
Chris: Hm. Yeah, I think we've established that I haven't watched The Office.
Kacey: I thought you said you watched a couple episodes? Oh well! Must have misheard you! So… [Chris: "Yeah."] So, um, and remember breakfast is important, so what are you are you going to have before you go?
Chris: Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have a bowl of oatmeal. Some milk with that.
Kacey: You should, uh, definitely have some orange juice instead, you know, Vitamin C will perk you up.
Chris: Oh yeah, OK, I'll have some orange juice, we have some of that. OK, yeah, so I'll have some oatmeal with orange juice.
Kacey: So, are you fully prepared, um, for the interview? Like, you know, um, certain questions they're going to ask, have you Googled any of this? [Chris: "Yeah."] 'Cause you have to be prepared for any question.
Chris: Yeah. I feel prepared.
Kacey: I mean, like… OK. Um, let's do a sample question. Where do you see yourself in five years?
Chris: Hm, well. I'd like to think that, that in five years I'll be uh… I'll be happily married and have my, and will have our, with my wife and, uh, we'll have our daughter.
Kacey: Well, they're not gonna want to know about that, they're going to want to know about your professional life. I mean, that has nothing to do with the job, they don't care. Um, how do you see yourself in f-, where do you see yourself in five years professionally? I mean, like they're going to want you to talk about a career or something.
Chris: I never know how to answer that question professionally. I mean, yeah, I mean my mind's blank.
Kacey: Well you're going to have to, that's a common question they're going to ask that.
Chris: Yeah. That is a common question. Um…
Kacey: I mean, you could always go the, "I think I want to be in management," you know, tell them you want to climb up the corporate ladder. Um, you could tell them that you are working on a degree or something or you're going to go back to school… I mean, you gotta have something.
Chris: Yeah, uh… OK, well, yeah. Management, that sounds good. Yeah, I see myself in a management position.
Kacey: Well, OK so how are you gonna phrase that to them? They're going to want you to elaborate on it. You can't be too wordy but you can't be too concise, either.
Chris: Uh, OK, well… Alright, well. I see myself in a management position and I'm doing, and I'm, and I'm doing a good job organizing it. Ugh…
Kacey: Well, just say that you want to see yourself progress in the company. I mean, you're going say something like, you know, I want to have more responsibility, I want to be able to do more, I feel that I can handle it.
Chris: Yeah, OK, I see myself, uh, handling the, uh, selfish responsibilities in a management job at this company.
Kacey: Yeah, 'cause I mean you don't want to suck up to them too much, but you gotta know something about it, you gotta know how things work.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: You just say I would like to see myself progress at this company, um, I can see myself doing good things in the future. You don't want to be too, um… You want to keep it general.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: You want to take on responsibilities and see yourself progress.
Chris: Yeah. Yeah. OK, well I s-
Kacey: But you don't want to suck up and be like, "Oh I love Target and I've always wanted to work at Target," 'cause they're not going to believe you.
Chris: Yeah. Yeah, that's uh, that's uh, that's a given, that, that's uh, that would be a bad thing to say, yeah… at the time. Hm, so, yeah, I ap-, I see myself, you know progressing, into like a management position.
Kacey: No, no, no. Don't, don't, don't, uh, be general. Be vague. Be like "I want to see myself progress inside this company, uh where I can take on more responsibilities."
Chris: I wanna see myself progress in this company where I can take on more responsibilities.
Kacey: Yes. Um, OK, now they're going to ask you something like, "why'd you leave your last job?." What are you going to say for that?
Chris: Yeah. I was laid off for personal differences.
Kacey: OK, that's right, Kim told you to say that, correct?
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: OK. Um, and remember if they ask you if you want this job or need this job, you want the job. You don't want to seem desperate.
Chris: Yeah, I want this job.
Kacey: Yes. Um, so they're going to ask you also, um, probably, "What are your best skills that are going to apply to this job?"
Chris: Well, I feel like I have good social skills. I have, uh, good physical strength. I have, I can, I have, uh, experience in computer, in computer, in, uh, computer upgrading and maintenance.
Kacey: That's good, the computer would actually be good. You should definitely say that one.
Chris: Yeah, okay… I will say that one. The computer management, uh, the computer upgrade, yeah.
Kacey: OK, but they're ask, they're also gonna ask what your major weakness is. So what are you gonna say with that? Because you want to be honest but you don't want to be too honest.
Chris: Yeah, ask me what my weaknesses.
Kacey: Yes, what your weaknesses are?
Chris: Hm. [long pause as Chris is dumbfounded at the question] Yeah, that's a good question, uh, let me think further abou-, let me think further about that. Um...
Kacey: Well, you're going to have to be quick on your feet in this interview, Chris, you don't want to act like everything's rehearsed.
Chris: Yeah. Well I'm not even sure what- Hm. Um… Weaknesses, weaknesses… Um… OK, um… I guess thing like, you know… Hm. If th-there's a point in between the, there's a point where, I'm not where I'm not working I'm like static, um-
Kacey: So, basically you're going to say sometimes you like routines?
Chris: Oh! OK, yeah, that's, yeah, oh I never thought about that, yeah, routines. Yeah, I'm a man of rou-, I'm a ma- [while stuttering, Kacey begins talking]
Kacey: OK, then say something like you like to stick to one routine, um, but then say but you would like to be more flexible.
Chris: OK, yeah, I would like to stick to a routine.
Kacey: You like to stick to routines, but you- no, no, no. You stick to routines too much, but you would like to learn to be flexible in the future.
Chris: Yeah, OK, that's my weakn-, that's my weakness [speaking quickly, sounds like he says "witness"]. I do tend to stick to routines.
Kacey: Right, but you want to say you're willing to work on that. Um, let's see, another com-
Chris: But I, but I want, but I'm willing to be more flexible… In the future.
Kacey: Yes, yes. You s-, you wanna say you want to learn to, you wanna let them know that, um, you're, you know that you, that you need to learn things. But um, anyway, another common question is uh, "Do you prefer to work by yourself or with others?"
Chris: I am willing- I… Sometimes, sometimes I like working by myself but, but I like working with others as well.
Kacey: A good thing to say is you generally do very well working in a group, however, uh, you are very capable of taking on tasks by yourself.
Chris: Yeah, OK, I prefer working- OK, well generally I like working in a group but I prefer taking on tasks by myself.
Kacey: No, say you can work in a group. Say that you are very adapt [sic, presumedly "adept?"] in working in a group, but can also take on tasks by yourself.
Chris: I am adapt [again pronounced "adapt"] in working in a group, but I am capable of taking care of tasks by myself.
Kacey: Yeah. OK and um, then they're going to ask you the most important thing, "What salary are you expecting?"
Chris: …Well, they've already gave me the uh, rate of 8.50 an hour.
Kacey: Oh, OK then, you know that's already settled.
Chris: Yeah. [chuckling softly] That's already settled. Yeah, she, ye-, they told me that, yeah, she told me that over the, uh, phone. You know, that uh, they're going to pay me 8.50 an hour.
Kacey: OK, well what hours are you gonna say that you're going to work, or did they already have that?
Chris: Yeah, they'd have been like six to eight hours in the day.
Kacey: Yep, that's a standard, uh, shift. So are you going part time or full time?
Chris: Yeah, they said they're starting me off part time.
Kacey: OK, um, and so I guess you're going to definitely be doing some weekend work in there because normally they won't even hire people who won't work on the weekends or holidays.
Chris: Yeah. I'm going t-, uh, yeah I will work on the weekends.
Kacey: Good.
Chris: OK then. Alright, lemme see, um… Alright, in reference to the "in where do I see myself in five years…" Well, yeah. I'd like to think that I like to uh, I'd like to think that I am, I'd like to see myself uh, building up uh more, building up in… building up s-… in strength? And also taking in more responsibilities. [long pause] Uh… Is that right? I'm not sure it's right, the first half of that.
Kacey: Uh, say it again?
Chris: Yeah, I say, I, I see myself uh going, going up… in the company and taking in more responsibilities.
Kacey: If you say, uh, you're, you want to progress in the company, that's going to sound a lot more professional and it sounds like you know what you're talking about.
Chris: I want to, yeah, yeah I see myself progressing in the company [Kacey: "Yes."] taking more responsibilities.
Kacey: Yes. Yes, that's good. Um, let's see. The one thing they're gonna ask you is, "What have you learned from your past jobs?"
Chris: [long pause] Mm. Yeah, I have learned, uh… I have learned some ins and out I, I've learned some socialization...
Chris: ...skills… Mm. I have learned uh, how much, I have learned uh, how much heavy weight I can take. Mm...
Kacey: OK. They're not gonna really care about, say OK, you learned how to be more sociable, and, you learned the ins and outs of a working environment.
Chris: OK, yeah. I've learned the ins and outs of a working environment.
Kacey: [keyboard typing in background] Yes. OK um. Another question they're gonna ask you is. Um. uh. Also mention that, ah, you are good with dealing with c-, ah, customers as well as their pr-, fixing their problems efficiently. Um, and another question they're gonna ask is, usually, "How do you think you're education is prevail-, has prepared you for this position?" [pause]
Chris: My education has prepared me... with a techna- technological experiences.
Kacey: OK well if you're just stocking, how is that going to help you?
Chris: If I'm s-, if I'm, yeah. Well… My education is uh. H-Has prepared me with org-, with good organization skills. And uh. I'm, and a general understanding on how things are supposed to be put in what order. And uh… to follow such order.
Kacey: OK yeah. That's good, that's actually good it keeps you organized, and um, that's actually pretty good.
Chris: OK.
Kacey: So, um, hopefully you do really well.
Chris: I'll do my best anyway.
Kacey: Well, I think with all the prepping Kim and I gave you you're going to be really good. That's going to be goo. Just remember to, um, sound professional, but you don't want to be too personal.
Chris: Yeah. Professional but not too, but not too personal.
Kacey: Oh and smile. Smile a lot. But not a very big smile, you just want to seem friendly and approachable. Um...
Chris: That's not a problem, I, I, I intend to smile.
Kacey: OK, um well let's say [laughing] um, let's say they um… Some interviews they'll ask you to, uh, do a role-play to see how you handle problems within your um, your uh, fellow employees as well as a customer. Uh, did you want to try one, like with a, you can pretend to be a Target associate and I can pretend I'm a customer.
Chris: Yeah, OK, but just to let you know in the uh, in the thing, application I filled out online, they had the, it had the questions upon those situations, up on such situations.
Kacey: I know, but on paper's a lot different than it is when you're there.
Chris: Or, or rather would you say, on screen? 'Cause it was, it was, I di- [stutters beyond comprehension] 'cause I did the thing online. [slight chuckle]
Kacey: I know but those are just to screen people. Um, but yeah, it's still written word.
Chris: Yeah, OK well, alright well, let's go though a couple.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: Alright.
Kacey: Let me… Uh, let's see here. You are in customer service and- OK, you're in customer service and I'm coming up to your line. OK, I just got to your line, what's the first thing you say? Then we'll go ahead and go.
Chris: OK… [Chris's voice goes even higher for his "friendly voice"] Good afternoon, ma'am, may I help you?
Kacey: [loudly and irritated] I want a refund, where's your manager?
Chris: Heh, OK… Well I, well let's see ma'am, uh OK uh, let's just say you bought a blender, OK? Alright, well yeah I see you're return-, you're retur-, I see you… Alright, uh, returning your blender ma'am, is there something wrong with the blender?
Kacey: Just get the manager! I want to speak to a manager. YOU are not important enough, I need a manager.
Chris: [brief pause] Well, ma'am, I am uh, I am uh, I am uh, customer service rep here and I could certainly, uh, I could certainly- [is cut off by Kacey]
Kacey: Well, what can you do to help me with this?
Chris: Uh…
Kacey: I just want a refund, I want my cash back.
Chris: Alright, ma'am, do you have the receipt?
Kacey: No, of course I don't! I just want this to be taken back.
Chris: Alright, ma'am, well we will certainly take it back, and I'll uh, scan this back in and give ya a refund. Yeah, so, yeah, so… I look at it and scan it in make sure- [is cut off by Kacey]
Kacey: Actually, Chris, you're not going to be able to do that, 'cause most associates aren't going to be able to. Um, you're going to have to be able to take care of these people right now, 'cause the correct thing to do is, um, to get them to explain the situation, try to calm them down, let them know they are important to you, but then you are going to have to get a manager because you're not going to have the access to refund it, and most places will only give store credit, um, if you don't have a receipt, and sometimes they won't even take it back at all. Though you did try to handle it very well.
Chris: OK. Alright, well… I will. I mean it's like you know-
Kacey: They'll go over policies for you.
Chris: I'm sorry, what?
Kacey: They'll go over policies with you so that you'll be able to better do these, I'm sure.
Chris: Yeah, they'll go over their policies with me, yeah. I was just thinking in like reference to, you know, I had to return a couple of things to Wal-Mart and that's pretty much what they did, uh, you know. They just took it and, uh, scanned it into the computer look and make sure they have it and the current price, the current price that comes up. And, uh, then they issued a refund.
Kacey: Well you're not going to be able to issue the refund, they're going to be able to. Wal-Mart does that, not Target. Their policies are gonna be a little different.
Chris: Really? There are different polices between Wal-Mart and Target?
Kacey: Yes, every store has their own policy.
Chris: Hm.
Kacey: I mean they're different stores, they're not owned by the same company.
Chris: …OK. [as if admitting defeat] Alright, uh...
Kacey: I mean that should be common sense.
Chris: Yeah, OK.
Kacey: Uh, maybe you should Google some more things about Target before you go to bed tonight, you know, so that uh-- 'Cause they actually have their policies on their website. You should read up on those so you look informed.
Chris: Yeah, read up on their policies, yeah, OK.
Kacey: I mean it's always a good idea to know what, exactly what you're gonna be doing.
Chris: Yep. [about to continue before Kacey speaks]
Kacey: OK, well let me let you go look those policies up and I will talk to you tomorrow. Uh, good luck!
Chris: OK, thank you, alright, I'll talk to you tomorrow. You take care and stay safe.
Kacey: OK, you too.
Chris: Alright, bye now.
Kacey: Bye.
External links
MP3 Phone Call
⇐ Kacey Call 19
Kacey Phone Calls
Kacey Call 21 ⇒
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
br>
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Kacey_Call_20&oldid=249254"