Title: Kacey Call 12
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Kacey_Call_12
Categories: Trolling, Phone calls, Liquid Saga, Politics
================================================================================

This call between Chris and Kacey took place in early September 2009.
Summary
Kacey tries to sound smart about medical stuff. Chris doesn't care.
Chris tries to tell trolls that call him that Kacey is his girlfriend. Kacey says, "we're just friends."
Chris is unwilling to get a new cell phone number because he would have to update the number on PSN, and it's too much effort.
Chris talks about Burger King food.
Chris says that he needs to move out of his house and get a job before he learns to cook for himself.
Kim told him to go to yoga class.
Chris says that sitting in different positions makes it impossible to breathe. He and Kacey argue about it.
Walking around mall = exercise.
A GameStop employee recognized Chris and took a picture with him.
Chris gave blood. This means that someone has part of Chris inside of them. THIS MEANS SOMEONE HAS CHRIS INSIDE OF THEM.
Chris tries to explain that he did a double red cell donation, while Kacey insists that she knows what plasma donation is.
Chris sent out Sonichu 0 to Marvel, Dark Horse, and Archie.
Chris says he weighs somewhere in the range of 215-220 pounds.
Chris says that his mind goes blank because he is too creative for his thoughts. He refers to himself as a "creative genius".
Chris says that the way the brain works is the same as computers: random access memory.
Chris is writing a 500-word essay about autism for Kacey. He emphasizes how great he is for doing this.
Video
Kacey Call 12
Click to load content
Stardate
???
Featuring
Chris; Kacey
Saga
Liquid Liquid Saga
Audio Recordings
previous Kacey Call 11
next Kacey Call 13
Chris: Hello?
Kacey: Hey! It’s Kacey, what’s up?
Chris: Hey Kacey I was waiting for you.
Kacey: Yeah? [Laughs] You know, work just keeps trying to make me stay late so, um-
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: What’s up?
Chris: Oh, you know, this and that. I went to my first yoga class today that was good. I feel like-
Kacey: Oh, that’s exciting!
Chris: Uh, I’m sorry what?
Kacey: I said that’s exciting.
Chris: Oh, OK, yeah it was, and it was very good. It was also, you know, classes uh, weekly apparently, so I’ll definitely be going to future ones including the one next week.
Kacey: That’s cool, well I mean, you know you must be happy because of all the endorphins that are running through your body because that happens after exercise. I mean, do you feel more relaxed, because you sound kind of stressed right now.
Chris: Aw yeah well, little bit, um [sigh]. I was expecting, I was expecting you to call and then like, you know, you know, you come in as unavailable or restricted you know.
Kacey: Uh-huh.
Chris: There’s been this, this troll, I think this troll is just trying to call me back, you know I’m hearing the beeping like and go figure the damn troll turned out to have been a female troll.
Kacey: Oh.
Chris: I was like I told her, “Quit calling me here, I’m expecting a call from my girlfriend!”
Kacey: WHAT?
Chris: I’m sorry, I mean- I mean, it was just a troll.
Kacey: Oh, you said it as an excuse. Right, right.
Chris: Yeah, but anyway-
Kacey: Because I know you don’t think that of me right now because we’re friends. But-
Chris: I mean you are a girl and you are my friend.
Kacey: Right, right.
Chris: So you are my girl friend.
Kacey: [Laughs]
Chris: I understand that. Yeah, okay, so anyway then the girl had the nerve to call me back and she said, “Your girlfriend's a blow-up doll.” That’s how then I learned that it was a woman--female troll.
Kacey: Oh gosh, did her number come through?
Chris: No, she was a restricted number.
Kacey: Ugh… Well maybe you should get a new phone number, you know, and not give it out to the trolls.
Chris: Yeah, but unfortunately I got this phone number linked up on my resume, and it’s in my Playstation Network account, and a whole lot-
Kacey: Well you know you can change all those things, but I understand, I mean yeah, that is difficult.
Chris: Yeah, and my father would tell you the same thing as well, you know. He would change the home phone number, but so many things that’s linked to. A lot more than mine, I tell you what. [Sound of door opening] Anyway, aside from that. I here and my father went out within the Burger King at lunch and I didn’t get my walk in at the, around the neighborhood like I would have wanted to beforehand because of that.
Kacey: Uh-huh.
Chris: I had a side salad, you know usually I go there cause this Burger King gives two Whoppers for three dollars, um I-
Kacey: Well, when did you wake up?
Chris: Probably I got up around 11:30 this morning.
Kacey: Yeah I guess that’s a little early for you, because normally you wake up around noon. [laughs]
Chris: Yeah, [inaudible] but I expected my father to, like you know, he would want to go out to Burger so I had a bowl of oatmeal...
Kacey: Uh-huh.
Chris: ...and then, you know, that got me filled so all I really needed was the side salad, so I spent a dollar on that.
Kacey: Well oatmeal is supposed to be very filling so I’m surprised you needed a salad after that.
Chris: Yeah maybe, this was like an hour or two after I had the oatmeal.
Kacey: Wow, I don’t get hungry til, like, much later but- [laughs]
Chris: It was just something to munch on anyway.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: You know vegetables are always good for you anyway. Anyway, aside from that I, after we got back home I had to leave right away because, you know…[stuttering] yesterday I went up to Harris Teeter because my mom needed some more water that was on, you know bottles of waters on sale for a dollar or two less than the Food Lion.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: Actually while I was there I looked up your Febreze, because you know, when we were talking I wasn’t sure if you were talking about air freshener or fabric softener. I realized that Febreze does make fabric refresher and I realized that’s what you were talking about.
Kacey: Right.
Chris: So I went over to Target and found that it was on a temporary fifty-cent price cut there. So I bought me a bottle of the lavender scented. But then my mom was telling me, “Oh yeah there’s like a bottle of Febreze, there’s like a thing of Febreze in the car.” I wasn’t sure what she was talking about, it thought she was talking about the air freshener. I mean I thought she was talking about the air freshener.
Kacey: Uh-huh.
Chris: But then I come home with the lavender-scented Febreze fabric refresher but it turns out that was a bottle of fabric refresher too, except it was the allergen reducer.
Kacey: Oh OK.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: I don’t really like the way that one smells, so-
Chris: The allergen reducer.
Kacey: Yeah, It just doesn’t have- It smells clean but I don’t like it.
Chris: Hmm. OK, I sampled, smelled the two anyway and uh, I kinda liked the allergen reducer a little better, so I’ll finish that up and I’ll get the lavender-scented one, but I needed a few more dollars in my wallet anyway so I ended up returning the lavender-scented one.
Kacey: Wait, you returned something you already used?
Chris: No I didn’t use it, all I had to do was just unscrew the top and smell it.
Kacey: Hmm… still you opened it and that makes it, that’s just not safe. Either way.
Chris: Anyway they still took it back and I got my four-something back.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: So I’ll finish up the allergen reducer and then like, you know, I’ll spend the five bucks and get the lavender again.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: Which reminds me, yeah, I need to let you know about my current finances, I just haven’t been able to lately because I was busy. Anyway, yeah, went to Target, returned the Febreze, and then also I ordered something from Goodwill that came with a free gift which is like a three set, set of three kitchen tongs. Couldn’t reuse [inaudible] at the time so I donated them to Goodwill and then I went to Greenbrier Drive from Kim to find the dance studio where the pole dancing class was.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: But I was being held up, and I couldn’t find it. Then you know, I just talked to Kim she told me it’s around Greenbrier Drive. I was like, oh well, I’ll Google it later anyway. I’ll find out for sure where it is. What street address at-
Kacey: So why did you buy kitchen tong? Are you going to start cooking?
Chris: No, I did not buy these. These were a free gift.
Kacey: Oh.
Chris: It was like a free supplies.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: So I didn’t expect-
Kacey: Maybe you should start cooking.
Chris: Hmm, yeah. I can and I will, you know, start cooking for myself more often. But you know, one day at a time. I’d like to feel more independent, you know. Get myself a job and maybe move out of the house or whatever, mmm, moving on to what happened today. After I went searching for the dance studio on Greenbrier Drive, then I just moved ahead to the Western [inaudible] building and attended the yoga class.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: I met a new girl, I met a new female friend.
Kacey: Oh cool!
Chris: We talked a little bit but it’s not like we exchanged phone numbers or email addresses. Her name is Lauren, she’s a UVA student. She’s majoring in, well she’s not sure yet, but she’s taking politics.
Kacey: Politics?
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: I guess she’s going to be a political science major.
Chris: Yeah probably, yeah, I think she said so, yeah she said political science. Yeah there you go you, just took the words out of her mouth. [laughs]
Kacey: Yeah, [laughs] political science majors!
Chris: Yeah but anyway, apparently she attended church the past couple of Sundays as well. So it was like, you know, first time we met so I said, you know, I’ll see you next Sunday in church- there we are. And then, you know, maybe I can get, maybe we’ll share email addresses then.
Kacey: You should, I’m surprised you didn’t already. Especially if you think she’s a friend.
Chris: Yeah I mean, like, you know, we just met.
Kacey: Still I’ve exchanged email addresses right away.
Chris: Yeah well, OK, yeah I’ll see about that next time I see her. Either on Sunday or next Wednesday.
Kacey: OK, well hopefully you do see her.
Chris: Yeah, but anyway, I learned a lot about the yoga poses. Actually I heard a new meaning, I mean, I’ve heard the expression “open your heart” before, like from the Sonic Adventure.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: But the way the yoga teacher it was like lift up your chest.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: So you know, I have a better understanding of what they mean by open your heart, it’s like keep your chest held high.
Kacey: Um, It’s actually supposed to be a metaphor and it’s got a lot of interpretations. Like opening your heart means opening up to someone or being respectful. It can be interpreted dozens of ways.
Chris: Yeah, but in terms of the yoga, opening up the heart means lifting your chest and opening it up for the air you’re breathing in.
Kacey: Well, that doesn’t make sense because your heart doesn’t do your air.
Chris: Let me put it another way. You’re slouched over and you’re breathing, it’s more difficult for the air to get to your lungs and your heart when you’re slouched over. But when you’re straight up in posture then it’s easier for the air to get to your lungs and your heart.
Kacey: Um no… What?
Chris: Come on, you’re the nurse major you should know that!
Kacey: Chris that’s not even remotely true! Just because you’re slouched over doesn’t mean that you can’t get air.
Chris: I did not say CAN’T get air, I just said that-
Kacey: It doesn’t make it difficult either, because your body’s circulatory system takes care of that whether you’re slouched over or not.
Chris: Hmm, OK while I didn’t- surely you’ve personally, you’re slouched over and your breath but you found that you had to breathe in more because it was like, a longer trip for the air. I’ve felt that.
Kacey: Chris, it’s the same distance no matter what position you’re in, your body doesn’t... [exasperated sigh]
Chris: Hmm, OK well, I don’t know, I just learned a little bit more about the expression open your heart.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: Yeah, So let’s just leave it at that.
Kacey: Right.
Chris: OK. So anyway, I really enjoyed the yoga, but since I’ve been not doing my walking and running like I wanted to I did an hour around the Fashion Square Mall before I went home.
Kacey: That’s good, just remember you’ve got to get your heart rate up, walking doesn’t help all that much.
Chris: I think I did a little power walking in there, so yeah. I’ll get there. I mean, I’ll jog more around the neighborhood at my own pace, you know?
'Kacey: But if you don’t get your heart rate up to a certain level, you’re not going to lose anything. You really should Google this. You have to push yourself.
Chris: Yeah… I… yeah. Details I have yet to comprehend about that. Anyway also while I was over at the mall I stopped over at the GameStop to browse around a little bit, and the black cash-, the black guy who was working as a cashier there, you know, working at the GameStop [sound break] square. Yeah, he recognized me. And he’s also friends with a fellow employee, with the guy who works there named Angel. I met him, and he recognized me that Sunday when I gave blood and participated in that Guitar Hero con- Guitar Hero Tournament. He wanted a picture of me and him together, you know, his fellow employee at the time took the picture. It’s a souvenir for him to gloat about. I made his day. The black guy was talking me, yeah, he and Angel were like, “We’re waiting for you to come out with the official Sonichu merchandise, like especially the official Sonichu doll. We’ve seen all this stuff on the internet but we know it’s not official because you say so, and you didn’t official sign off on it or all that.” So you know-
Kacey: Well, did you actually give blood?
Chris: Yeah, that Saturday, yeah.
Kacey: So somebody is going to have- your blood is going to save somebody’s life.
Chris: Yeah but also I double redded. Do you know about that double redding in donating blood?
Kacey: You double what?
Chris: Double red…Red R-E-D.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: OK well I’ll explain it to you, you can probably Google it and find out more. In addition to them taking a pint, taking some of your blood whole, they take a chunk of your blood to.
Kacey: Oh, you mean giving plasma.
Chris: Yeah, they took a whole thing of plasma but after that, they have this little machine where they separate the red cells from the plasma and then they give you [sound break] -plasma. Like I said you could Google, and learn more to better understand.
Kacey: Oh no, I just know it as giving plasma, that’s fine.
Chris: You know, mm’kay. Anyway that’s double red. Two words, you can Google it. It’s a thing that I started probably before that weekend. It’s like, new.
Kacey: Well, I’m proud of you for giving blood. That’s very noble and stuff, you know?
Chris: Yeah, I’ve donated blood before and that’s how I learned I’m an A negative blood type.
Kacey: Yes, A negative.
Chris: Yeah anyway, getting back on today, after talking to that guy, you know, I came home. And after I came home I finally printed out the three copies of the Number Zero book and three copies of my resume. I’m gonna send them out to Marvel, Archie and Dark Horse Comics.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: And also I’m going to [inaudible] creating all the audiobook videos for YouTube.
Kacey: OK, just remember get those done soon and the pictures.
Chris: Yeah, I’ll [inaudible] more on the sexy drawings, I’ve already got the three girls on drawing reference, so from that point all I have to do, on I can do, yeah, sex drawings. Yeah, and then before I upload those drawings I have to make one or two YouTube videos of me playing, of me playing Guitar Hero 5 with my female band.
Kacey: Oh, are you going to upload those to the CWCipedia? Because you should.
Chris: Mmm yeah, Kim encouraged me to do that in a private area, you know. And the sex drawings I’m probably going to put those like in the- You know I have a section of the Fan Art that guidelines what not to submit for consideration in the Fan Art section?
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: I could put the sex drawings there.
Kacey: Cool.
Chris: I put a warning on there, where it’s like you have to be 18 or older to view these. And plus, they’re like drawings, like art pieces I got from the ED page.
'Kacey: OK.
Chris: Hmm, where was I… Yeah I’ll work more on the drawings tonight, and I’ll get all the audiobooks done tomorrow.
Kacey: Okay, well I have a question that’s just going through my mind. Because you told me how much you think I weighed. How much do you think Kim weighs? I just want to see what you think.
Chris: How much Kim weighs? I’m not sure, I’d say 175, 150, somewhere between there?
Kacey: What did you say again, I’m sorry?
Chris: I’d say about 150 to 175 is my guess.
Kacey: Oh, OK. So I can’t remember how much you say you weigh. Did you weigh yourself recently?
Chris: Yeah, last time I checked, when I was going in for my quad-check up with my doctor, they had to put me on a scale, just to see how much I weighed and do my blood pressure. But yeah- I’m about, somewhere between 215 and 220.
Kacey: Well, have you done it recently within the past couple of weeks?
Chris: Yeah, we don’t have a scale here at home so it’s kind of hard for me to do that.
Kacey: Maybe you should go get one, who knows?
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: They probably have one at yoga class.
Chris: Funny, I did not really see a scale at yoga class or one in the closet where the [inaudible] were, so I don’t know. Mmm. So I just told you my blood type, do you know what your blood type is?
Kacey: Yeah, it’s A positive.
Chris: Wow, we’re so close, we’re both A’s.
Kacey: Yeah, A is a pretty popular blood type.
Chris: Yeah, it’s not, I mean it’s not- wait a minute. Are the A’s common or uncommon?
Kacey: A is pretty common. AB and O are fairly uncommon. It’s A, then B, then O and then AB.
Chris: So it’s A, then B, then O, then AB.
Kacey: Yeah.
Chris: So between A positive and A negative is there just an A?
Kacey: No it’s A negative and A positive. It has to do with the antigens.
Chris: The antigens?
Kacey: Yes.
Chris: OK, that’s a new word to me.
Kacey: Well you should probably look it up, it’s all in blood type.
Chris: Yeah OK. Antigens. Is that like, I’m gonna spell it how it sounds, is that spelled A-N-T-O-G-E-N?
Kacey: What? It’s A-N-T-I-G-E-N.
Chris: Oh, A-N, oh Antigen, antigen, OK. So A is for Antigen, what’s B and O?
Kacey: What? No everything has antigens except for type O.
Chris: Okay so type B has antigen in it as well?
Kacey: Yeah they have the B an-, you just have to look it up.
Chris: Yeah OK, it’s very interesting.
Kacey: Yeah, blood is very interesting.
Chris: Let me ask you, why is it a bad idea to mix blood types, like if you put B or O in an A positive or A negative person?
Kacey: OK, O is the universal donor, so they can give to anyone because they don’t have antigens. AB can receive anyone because they have both A and B antigens. If you take the wrong antigen and put it in someone’s bloodstream, they will die because their body will attack itself. So if you put A antigens in a B blood type, they’re going to kill each other and then you die.
Chris: Oh, OK, so AB and O are neutral.
Kacey: No, O is neutral it has no antigens, it is the universal donor so anyone can take O blood. AB is the universal receiver so they can take anyone’s blood because they have all the antigens.
Chris: OK so AB is the universal receiver, OK.
Kacey: Yes.
Chris: Wow, A and B, it’s like those are opposite types, huh.
Kacey: Yeah, people with O, even though they can give to anyone, they can only have O blood, but AB can take anyone’s blood.
Chris: Which is more rare, AB or O?
Kacey: AB usually, because it’s got both the of them, but it’s by a small margin.
Chris: Huh, I see. Is blood type- I’m sure blood types are genetic, aren’t they?
Kacey: Of course, almost everything is genetic. Actually blood type is very important in cultures, not so much of ours, but in other cultures they use blood type to determine personalities and for match-making. It’s kind of outdated but they still do that.
Chris: Yeah I think we talked about that in a previous conversation about personality traits in comparison to blood types, and then, yeah, I can Google that as well.
Kacey: Right.
Chris: Yeah we talked about that before.
Kacey: Yeah. [laughs]
Chris: Hmmm, well OK, let me ask you though, A positive and A negative, would you say those are opposing, opposite of each other? If you put A negative in the A plus, A positive and they die?
Kacey: What?
Chris: If you put A negative blood in an A positive person will the A positive person-
Kacey: Yeah you can’t mix that, you don’t want to.
Chris: Oh, OK. I get it, cool.
Kacey: Well, anything else on your mind?
Chris: Let me think. Oh yeah, I asked my mom earlier today why she thinks that I often blank out or I’m often confused.
Kacey: Uh huh.
Chris: She theorizes it’s because I’m a creative genius. You know, I’m a very creative guy, and I have so many creative thoughts coming in and out and they differ from what’s currently in my mind and-
Kacey: Well I’m really creative and I don’t blank out. I’m serious when I say there’s a serious, serious thing that could be wrong with you. You blanking out like that, It could be you’re not getting adequate nutrition, it could mean you’re dehydrated. It could mean you could have something wrong seriously like a tumor or something.
Chris: Mmm, I don’t know it’s a theory my mom had, but anyway point was, so many creative thoughts pretty much derails my train of thought and puts me in a blank state or confusion. That’s just from my mom’s point of view and how she understands it, something like that.
Kacey: I don’t know. That just doesn’t make sense to me.
Chris: OK, say you want to remember something from like, yeah from like ten conversations ago, but then you try to remember, but it’s like it’s hard for you to remember because of all your incoming creative ideas at the time, or-
Kacey: The brain doesn’t work that way.
Chris: Come on, memory in the brain is like random access memory just like in any computer, it’s random.
Kacey: No it’s not. No, no, no, no.
Chris: Did you voice just get deep there?
Kacey: Sorry, I covered my mouth with my hands.
Chris: Well it could be just-
Kacey: It was just my voice echoing through my hands, that’s all it was.
Chris: OK.
Kacey: I mean yes, there have been comparisons to the brain being like a computer, but it’s not like that. It’s not like a switchboard where things can get plugged up or anything. There are so many places in your brain that have to do with memory, I just don’t even know how to explain this.
Chris: OK, well you’re probably right, it could be the nutrition thing, but I’m drinking water more, nowadays and I’m getting on track [inaudible] vegetation and having a more healthy lifestyle and my daily exercise regimen so I’ll probably get better on that.
Kacey: You should actually talk to your doctor about it, because if you are suffering from poor nutrition they can give you tests. You really should look into that.
Chris: OK, well I’ll be sure to-
Kacey: Maybe you have an iron deficiency, you should totally ask.
Chris: Yeah well before my check-up I usually go in a little earlier and give a little blood for blood work so they would know at that point. So they would know at that point. So I’ll be sure to talk to my doctor about that.
Kacey: Okay that’s good.
Chris: Alright.
Kacey: Okay, well anything else?
Chris: Yeah, the current money I spent on so far this month I will definitely know about that, I promise, I’ll send you a message.
Kacey: OK cool, thanks.
Chris: I do want to tell you that, but I’m not [inaudible] bank account number or anything like that. [laughs]
Kacey: OK. [laughs]
Chris: Yeah but anyway, oh shoot I had another thought in my head… [mumbles] What I spent on so far this month, shoot I lost the other thought… hmmm, oh well. Hmm, what else is on your mind?
Kacey: Just, you know, all my tests and all my projects and stuff. I really don’t have anything else.
Chris: Learn anything new today?
Kacey: We just went over some of the projects, we didn’t go over anything I didn’t already know, so I’m good. We’re still in review.
Chris: Your project’s like, essays.
Kacey: No I have a five page paper that’s for Anthropology, and I have to get people to take these surveys and then I have to cross reference everything by state, region, nationwide and worldwide. So it’s going to be a really easy paper, it’s just the research that’s going to get me.
Chris: Hmmm, survey huh? You know, I can probably take that if you email me the questions on your survey.
Kacey: OK, I totally can.
Chris: I’d be happy to help you with that.
Kacey: OK, I will totally do that.
Chris: Just type in the email or type it in a Microsoft Word file and I will download it and open it up on my Microsoft Word.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: And then I’ll put the answers on the Word file and add my name to it, or I can put it in an email reply, the answers.
Kacey: OK, that’d be cool.
Chris: Oh, I just remembered the other thought. I thought about more, about the 500-word minimum essay I was gonna do for you about autism, I thought about what I could do for that.
Kacey: Mmhmm.
Chris: I thought about just refreshing myself on the characteristics of a person with autism, you know like on Autism.org, that’s a good place to go, or look it up on Wikipedia. And comparing it to my actual, real life experiences, you know, how I have exhibited some of those characteristics, and also, you know how I got better from that later on in life.
Kacey: OK.
Chris: Yeah, I’m just thinking, like you know, I’m thinking good for you there. Because I like to help out.
Kacey: Aw, thank you.
Chris: OK.
Kacey: Well, I’ve got to go to bed, because I’ve got class in the morning, so let me go ahead and let you go and I will talk to you tomorrow.
Chris: Alright, sweet dreams.
Kacey: OK, alright bye
Chris: Alright, bye-bye.
[call ends]
External links
MP3 Phone Call
⇐ Kacey Call 11
Kacey Phone Calls
Kacey Call 13 ⇒
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Kacey_Call_12&oldid=248625"