Title: Kacey Call 15
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Kacey_Call_15
Categories: Trolling, Phone calls, Liquid Saga
================================================================================

Kacey Call 15 is the fifteenth of the Kacey calls, occurring in September 2009.
Summary
Kacey starts the call by complaining about how stressful her job is. Chris compares this to how stressed he gets when looking at e-mails from trolls.
Kacey continues complaining about her life, as well as how she and Kim have to do all of Chris's research for his jobs and he won't do anything himself.
Kacey apologizes for yelling at Chris, but then says he can't even understand it. Chris gets defensive and says he has a hard life too.
Kacey asks what his parents think about how lazy he is. He says that his mom is proud of him for going outside to walk now, and how he's looking for a job.
Chris says he's being social now. Kacey asks how many friends he made. Chris is quiet for a long time, and says that they just pass byf and that he makes acquaintances.
Chris is interrupted by his mom. Barb starts talking about how hard her life was, and how Chris needs to show more humility if he wants to make money. She also complains about Bob and how all he does is make it look like he does all the work around the house.
Chris casually brings up his sex dolls to his mom during her tirade.
Chris finally starts talking to Kacey again. Kacey says that Barb made some really good points.
Chris says that his mom only wants him to get rid of his and Bob's stuff, but she refuses to get rid of her own.
Kacey says that Chris needs to throw out 95% of his toys. Chris says that he will take that into great consideration, but Kacey knows whenever he says this it usually leads to him not actually doing so.
Chris reveals Barb's having him wash and reuse plastic utensils, because their silverware is underneath an overflowing stack of unwashed dishes in the sink. Kacey gets extremely concerned when she hears it's been like this for months, that his house is filled with ants, flies, and wasps from not cleaning, and that this is going on even though they have a dishwasher. Before Chris signs off, Kacey briefly explains to him how to use a dishwasher, in the hopes this could help him at least get his sink properly cleared out.
Video
Kacey Call 15
Click to load content
Stardate
Between 4 to 16 September 2009
Featuring
Chris; Kacey
Saga
Liquid Liquid Saga
Audio Recordings
previous Kacey Call 14
next Kacey Call 16
Chris: Hello?
Kacey: Hey Chris, it's Kacey!
Chris: Hi Kacey. How are you?
Kacey: Ugh. I'm just really tired like I had a really stressful shift today. Like I had this one table that just was really nasty and had me running around and uh they didn't even, you know, it just so mentally stressful this job, and so surprising me still how just one table can exhaust me. I don't even want to do anything else I just want to go to sleep.
Chris: Yeah. That sounds like me after I check through my e-mails, similar stress. But I [unintelligible].
Kacey: What? What?! Wha- [Talking over Chris] But, but, it's, it's, that's not the same thing! What are you talking about?
Chris: Yeah, I mean I go through my e-mails and I see a shocking news, yeah. I pretty much-
Kacey: Wait that's SO different are you trying to tell me that's the same thing?!
Chris: Uhh, OK well I'm not saying it's the same thing but yeah, you know, it's like, you know. Yeah. You get all these bad input and, and uh, uh, then-
Kacey: [talking over Chris] It's JUST e-mails, what are you talking about?! I am going to a REAL job. I'm on my feet all night. I have to deal with people who treat me like SHIT and then you know the best part? They don't even have to tip me afterwards and so I don't even get money! What the hell are you talking about stressed?! You don't know what stress is and exhaustion!
Chris: [random murmur] Hm. OK well-
Kacey: [shutting him up again] I mean I have a REAL job. You sit around and get free money because the government thinks you aren't capable of being a part of society.
Chris: Well at least I'm working on getting a job and uh, uh, I'm sure I'll begin to work soon enough. So yeah the thing is-
Kacey: [cutting him off] So yeah well how's that coming along?! I mean come on, Chris. I mean I'm really sorry but it's totally not the same thing. I mean, come on! I mean, OK, what have you done recently?
Chris: [unintelligible] What have I done recently with uh, with a job and what not?
Kacey: Yeah! Have you put out more applications? Have you even called them? You said you would call them and I bet you you haven't.
Chris: I have called them.
Kacey: What did they say?
Chris: [long pause] And, well I have not called them recently so it's still like, you know-
Kacey: So you DIDN'T call them?
Chris: I did, I did, I, I, I called them when I, I called them a few, I called them, I called them yesterday, OK?
Kacey: What did they say?
Chris: Yeah I, like I told you they're uh, still reviewing uh, still reviewing applications and they will get back to me.
Kacey: Still I don't think you realize what stress and exhaustion is. Like not only am I physically running around but it's emotionally draining, like I have to act nice to these people. I have to laugh when they flirt with me all knowing that it maybe for nothing like, they may not even leave me anything. Like THAT is exhaustion. THAT is stress.
Chris: OK. Yeah, physical and emotional, that is stress. Yeah that's not good-
Kacey: [talking over him] I mean that that's stress and exhaustion not because you- I'm getting really sick of this. Like you're always telling me I can't do the comics 'cause of stress. I can't do this because of stress. I can't do that because of stress. What stress do you really have? You sit around all day and you DRAW. You play video games.
Chris: I have emotional stress.
Kacey: OK. But what, OK, what emotional stress?
Chris: The fact that the trolls, that the trolls [unintelligible] from their input and also the fact that I-
Kacey: [talking over] STOP READING IT. STOP READING IT. Stop reading it. Delete it! You always tell them that you're just gonna delete stuff, so just delete it. Don't even look at it. It's worthless, stupid shit. Just like I do, just click it as spam, report it, TOS it, get rid of it. Because you know what, I was letting them stress me and you know what, no. They're just, they're just stupid. I mean come on, that is, you do not know real stress. Just hearing stupid people on the internet is nothing. It is THE INTERNET.
Chris: [pause] Yeah.
Kacey: That's not stressful. That definitely shouldn't keep you from something as simple as drawing, or going out and doing something.
Chris: Well, yeah OK but-
Kacey: I mean you're not even hearing them! It's just visual. That's not a big deal. You can totally ignore that. I mean even if you do read them [Chris: "Yeah."] it's just stupid people. Laugh at it. Be like, "Oh, look at what these people are doing." Mean e-mails are not stress. They're just annoyances.
Chris: Yeah. OK.
Kacey: I mean you don't work forty hours a week. And go to school. You don't have to study, you don't have to write papers. Like, that is stress. That is exhausting stress. I mean come on [Chris tries to interrupt] what, what have you done like I do?[?] I mean like I said, I work long nights for these people who couldn't give a shit less. Now that is stress, having to be nice to somebody who couldn't give a shit less about you.
Chris: [pause] Hm. Yeah. OK. Well, I'm sorry I tried to, I'm sorry I, if it sounded like I was arguing I, I was trying, and I, I wasn't sure even what the point was what I was trying to say that I started uh ah-
Kacey: Well I mean let's just forget about it, that's the thing come on, this is not stressful, Chris. You sit around, on your ass, getting handed free money! That's not even remotely fair!
Chris: Hrm. OK. Yeah.
Kacey: You get paid to draw Sonichu and play video games. And then you know what? Then you, you even if you get a job you're still gonna be getting that, that's not even remotely, that's not even remotely cool! And I mean ugh! I'm gonna work way harder and that frustrates me. It frustrates me that I mean, why do you think you get this money for free? Do you know what that says about you?
Chris: [long pause] Hm. [another long pause] I guess um, um it doesn't say very much about me.
Kacey: No! It just says, it says the government thinks that you are too incompetent to be a functioning member of society. And you don't seem like you're doing enough to prove them wrong.
Chris: Well actually I, actually I am doing, I am, on the contrary I have been doing such and now I've actually been going out applying for jobs. And I'm, I'm working out.
Kacey: What have you done today? What have you done today?
Chris: Well I went out for another power walk. And also-
Kacey: No not that. I mean for your job. I don't care about the exercise thing. Power walks aren't gonna do you anything, obviously you're not listening to me on that. I told you you needed to get your heart rate up so you know what fine, that's great.
Chris: Yeah I, I want to get into jogging I just haven't gotten in, I just haven't got right into it yet, I jog, I did jog.
Kacey: [unintelligible talking over him] You just need to keep going. You need to just get into it or else you're never going to, it's just gonna be one excuse after another. But still, how long today did you go out looking for a job?
Chris: Yeah I went, I went, actually I did go online today and I filled out another application. I filled that one out for Sears. At least there's a cashier opening there.
Kacey: I mean if I never told you to get a job would you have even bothered? If I didn't do all the research for you would you have even bothered? [long pause] I'm guessing the answer's no from your silence. But anyway, I mean think about that even I had to do the research for you before you would even go for that and even- e-e-ugh! You can't talk about stress! I mean how stressful is THAT. That I have somebody whose a friend who I'm trying to help but he won't even help himself.
Chris: [pause] Hm. I am working on helping myself.
Kacey: By the way, also, well how are you going to help yourself before I go on? How are you helping yourself?
Chris: I'm uh, hah, I'm actually doing research of my own in addition to the research I get from between you and Kim.
Kacey: Like what?
Chris: You know I actually do go online, I actually am searching into places I am hoping to apply for like that, like I actually did go online I went onto Sears and I found an opening for a cashier so I applied for that.
Kacey: OK that's a good start.
Chris: Oh and also I got, also I got my reply letter from the guverdate[?] but that, I think I told you in that e-mail I sent you earlier.
Kacey: A reply from who? Oh, yeah, from your doctor?
Chris: Yeah from my doctor about the uh, about the-
Kacey: By the way and speaking of that e-mail, the attachment you tried to send me didn't come through so could you send those again like, tonight? I need them tonight. 'Cause I want to know that you're on the ball cause I'm tired of this. [Chris: "Okay."] I want to help you and I'm stressed and you're not helping me help you, then that's just you know, something I don't need to worry about.
Chris: Uh, um, OK, I will resend, I will resend the uh, I will resend the pictures.
Kacey: Thank you.
Chris: OK. [Kacey sighs]
Kacey: But anyway, yeah I you know, tonight was just really stressful and exhausting and I, I just, I'm sorry y-you, I don't think you can even understand a quarter of it.
Chris: Yeah I can understand yeah you, yeah you had a really hard day. You're physically and emotionally tired.
Kacey: But I mean it's like you don't even go through that. So it's,it's, you know-
Chris: Weh-weh-well I, actually I have been through it. Y'know I worked at Wendy's for-
Kacey: OK what's, what's, what's the hardest day you've ever gone through?
Chris: The hardest thing I've ever gone through?
Kacey: Yeah, the hardest thing you've ever gone through.
Chris: OK work-related the hardest, one of the hardest thing I've ever gone through was like, you know I was working over at Wendy's and I had to take these like really heavy bags of garbage down, uh, up to the dumpster and it was like, yeah they were really heavy like, you know I mean, granted I had to take the cans out to the dumpster but I had to take the bags out again and then there was, and then, and uh, [high-pitched] it was just really heavy and that there was no side door to the dumpster so I had to like chuck, I had to like chuck it over and it hit the back of my head. The bag of garbage hit the back of my head!
Kacey: [incredulous] It's GARBAGE! I have to do that and MORE! You wouldn't survive at my job. We have serve-work to do. I have to make sure dishes are cleaned, I have to roll silverware. I have to make tea. I have to do the salads I mean, AND I have to do the garbage and it's not that hard to throw it over. I can do that and I am smaller than you and I'm a girl. That's it?! THAT is it?!
Chris: [pause] Hm.
Kacey: Just a couple of garbage bags? Oh my god you would die serving! You would just homygosh!
Chris: Well I'm going to prove you, I'm going to prove you wrong because that was, that was so many years ago and, um, and I've emotionally got, I've also emotionally grown better ad dad [almost unintelligible], I'm much, I'm much tougher now.
Kacey: Well you better be cause I mean if that's like, really your worst day do you think it's any wonder you got fired? I mean maybe you just didn't apply yourself enough. [Chris sighs] I mean emotion doesn't have anything to do with it, you've got to push yourself, you've got to have willpower. You don't have willpower right now.
Chris: I do have willpower. I, I, I'll admit I'm starting to feel a little down right now because you know I was bombarded earlier and na-, now I feel, I feel a little bombarded now but y'know like-
Kacey: Yeah but I mean how long have you been getting money from the government? Since you were like 18, right? I mean come on you, you need way more willpower for that. I mean, I mean think about things right now to- you want, you want to have a family but if the government thinks that you can't even be a functioning member of society what do you think girls are gonna think?
Chris: [pause] Hm. [pause] Yeah. That's somethin' very much for me there.
Kacey: I mean what do you think other people will think? I mean what about your parents?
Chris: [pause, sigh] Um I don't think I understood that ques-, I don't think I understood that question about my parents.
Kacey: Well what do you think they think? I mean do you think that they're, er, uh, that they're happy that you're just sitting around doing nothing?
Chris: Yeah well I, yeah well yeah, they're not happy just sitting around doing nothing but y'know they do actually get out and uh work in the yard as a matter of fact-
Kacey: NO! Not them what do they think about YOU?
Chris: Yeah well they didn't, they wouldn't be, they wouldn't be too happy if I was just sitting around but they're, the, my mum's been really proud of me like you know, getting out and doing my, doing my walking, power walking, a job, getting a job.
Kacey: Yeah, stuff that you wouldn't even have done if I didn't push you to it. I mean I'm glad you're finally doing it buut-
Chris: She's proud of me that I'm, I'm throwing myself out to uh, get a job at natiograafteravenso[lolwut] so, as far as to go even find out about uh, how much I could make, how much I could make before I lose my Social Security and-
Kacey: [Chris: "didthatallbymuhself."] Yeah, and I'm the one who gave you all that information! It was me! I'm the one who did ALL that shit you wouldn't have even done it if it weren't for me! Do NOT say- do NOT take credit for that! I'm the one who suggested it. I'm the one who pushed it. I had to get on you for a week before you did anything. If I'd heard that I would have done it right away.
Chris: Yeah OK, yeah, I do not take claim for it. I know that you and Kim have been pushing me. Mostly you. Y'all, y'all been pushing me-
Kacey: I mean have you done anything on your own? I mean, especially something that will make your parents proud?
Chris: [long pause] Well at least I well, you know you, uh, yeah y'all just didn't have to force me to but at least I had, at least I was able to get out start socializing a little more. Like going out, like I went out to the mall now and then, and uh [unintelligible] library. I did not even have to be pushed to do that.
Kacey: OK, how many friends have you made? [pause] That's social. That's a lot more social than going out- just going out to the mall by yourself, that's not social. Making friends is social.
Chris: Yeah, but I mean yeah, I meet people.
Kacey: OK like who?
Chris: [long pause] Y'know unfortunately most of them just pass by. OK yeah so I haven't made new, made too many furnd-friends. But at least I made acquaintances.
Kacey: Like who?
Chris: [sigh] Yeah. I did not catch their names.
Kacey: OK then they're not friends, they're not acquaintances. You need to at least know them.
Chris: Yeah. OK. Yeah.
Kacey: I mean that's just kind of lonely and sad.
Chris: [long pause] Yeah. For a long time I have considered myself lonely and sad. [long pause, sigh]
Kacey: Why haven't you done anything to change it if it's so lonely and sad? I mean come on. What HAVE you done to change it?
Chris: [pause] Like I'm actually, like I'm you know, fe-, I got started like a year or two ago you know, talking to people, getting to know people, going to church, finding social outings to go to- Oh, 'scuse me, my mom.
Barbara: Yeah. [unclear]
Chris: Sure mom. [unclear] looking for you. [movement, sigh] Yeah I'm OK. I was just talking to Kacey, what's up?
Barbara: Do you have your dollar(s)[unintelligible]?
Chris: Uh actually I think I put the rest that I had in my wallet in the bank before I came home but I'll see. I have enough to buy the sandwich. Oh uh I ah- I put five dollars in the bank.
Barbara: [That's too bad]?
Chris: Ahh, OK.
Barbara: Yeah, you saved five...[unintelligible] ...dollars paid.
Chris: How much money you getting tonight? Yeah I currently have like fourteen-something in the bank so. Yeah I'll check. Yeah.
Barbara: I'm not trying to be hard on you- [muffle] You read this [unintelligible] you sent out [unintelligible] dad was not in the middle of something [unintelligible] asked him to [unintelligible] there's no hurry. Did you read this reservation, and see what you think of. I'm not trying to be harsh or anything.
Chris: Yeah it's not just the pain in my knee. I want to get my Sonichu copyright registered.
Barbara: I know, but-
Chris: 'Cause I can't currently enforce it, especially with the current situation.
Barbara: I don't think anybody- Christian, there will be people out there copying you, harassing you.
Chris: Yeah well I mean what if uh, this video game [unintelligible] though, is actually, is in reality a Sonichu game but I'm not getting the credit for it?
Barbara: [long pause] Sometimes you just like have to [muffle] let me tell you something. From my experience. I have worked for a lot of people in my life. In a lot of places, okay? And my role was [muffle] secretaries, administrative assistant, uh, whatever, I've worked for cops, companies, publishers, um, I've worked for oil companies, all kinds of department managers, et cetera. And I've worked in different types of business. [muffle] Which gave me [unintelligible] The way they operate with their manufacturer and sell or if they just [unintelligible] whether it's uh, an animate object or an inanimate object. So I've had quite a variety of experience of serving, OK. For the total benefit of the company, in all kinds of situations. So even when you want something it gives you a sense of humility if you put yourself in a humble role of serving. You're serving [unintelligible] issue. But it shows humility and caring that, y'know, this will help others, but you want to make money on it too. But there's a lot and you, you know what, you don't know all the stuff they do. I could, I tell you a lot of [unintelligible] here in a few minutes, but that's with a lot of years of my life. And each... section of your life that you go through is different. So every seven years your perspective has changed somewhat. 'Cause you've learned some other things. And you learn all you can, read all you can, talk to all the people you can, uhhh. Y'know you, you learn to uh, do small work at home, um medium, housework, outside work. It's just for your creative mind. And it makes things look nice. OK, and that helps you live the way you live. Like having the kitchen food. I'm sorry that I got sick and I've been sick for so long. Because I enjoy all the hard work you and I did bringing stuff in here. Especially the part in which movin' it over here and then putting it back together again. And who did we think about first? You and your father. First we moved your stuff and then we moved your dad's stuff. What you all use, you got that? And you all learned to keep everything to keep that you thought you might need or that you live with everyday until the last trip. And I'm here to tell you that I almost killed myself at least twice. I mean it was just a hairline... thing that kept me from killing myself after that. One was that big chair of dad's downstairs I, I took it, I took it apart, so it was in two pieces, and I fell with it, going down the back steps uh, over there. And then picking it up the hill on the wagon, aaand it, it fell off, it fell off the wagon twice. I fell down the steps with one part of it. And it was like, I don't know, four or five steps. That was the worst time. Scared me, fatigued me...But see, I allowed you to go to your ga-game. [unintelligible] dad took you on those [unintelligible]. Your father took you to that last park bench and I was there by myself, and I had all the stuff, of your father's and yours. And then mine came last. And that was one [unintelligible], day and night. And I was so fatigued and then I had to drive and drive and drive, to find gas 2 o'clock or 3 o'clock in the morning. Your father shoulda got it put in the truck.
Chris: [interrupts] Wait, wasn't I with you on that gas trip?
Barbara: Yeah, you were.
Chris: Yeah, I remember that.
Barbara: Yeah. And dad was in the car. Yeah, he was driving the car. And we had a hard time finding gas. Well, realistically, when he went back to get...Although we went to get the truck initially. Or when you went back to get the thing that you took up to the truck. Um, he should have remembered gas but they sold gas up at the corner place [unintelligible] the truck.
Chris: Yeah.
Barbara: Then I had to drive all the way from over there to [unintelligible]. And I was so tired I'm surprised that I made it. That we made it. And the next day... I was... trying to get some rest and your father yelled at me to get out of bed and unload that truck! Cause we had to take the truck back! By such and such a time. He should have told me the day before that we would have to take the truck back. Overall, it woulda just been cost extra rental... went over the deadline time.
Chris: Yeah. OK.
Barbara: I haven't had an opportunity since... we got the stuff here... aaand I've never had an opportunity to really do the things that I wanted to do, OK? We've been back nine years. I still haven't done the things I wanted to do. [Chris tries to talk] Now wait a minute, I've tried to do what I can do for most I have [audio skips] Every day, because of my health and because of another thing, I only have two to four hours of energy at the most.
Chris: I see.
Barbara: Now today I did one thing that totally put me down. That was I bought the new wagon. So we can clean up the mess out here and put it in the wagon in the trash cans and and take it up to be burned. And on top of that, another thing that upset me- took my energy away was your father yelling at me, when I was asleep, to wake me up. Instead of coming in and being nice and kind and he [unintelligible]. It's abusive. You know, he screams at me. So I won't help ya. Well, when I tried to recharge that battery the last time I spent a long time out there.
Chris: Oh, by the way, uh-
Barbara: And! And he was determined- he didn't want to help me. OK? He wasn't interested. He is only interested in making things look like he did 'em, it was his idea and I really didn't have anything to do with it. Even when I help him. I get no credit for anything. He never gives me credit to my face. Or if he's talking to anybody else. Just like he tells you sometimes, “Well I don't get no help from your mother.” Ooohh, fuck(?). No, it's his own attitude to- which is wrong, which is absolutely wrong.
Chris: Mom, I give you credit...
Barbara: I need you to start looking around and doing what you can do because there's a lot you could do. Cause you are healthy and young. And you get so involved with these other things that you've been gettin' involved in. [Chris: "Yeah but-"] I've let you ride. I've let you ride. And now it's time that I'm going to crack down on you, and I'm going to demand that you help me everyday whether I ask you to, or not. I'm expecting you to help improve the indoors of the house and the out-
Chris: I don't know what er whya-why d-you want me to do!
Barbara: ANYTHING.
Chris: I don't even, I can't even ah-
Barbara: Come here and look. What is it that you can clean up, straighten up, in, in your room? There's a lot you could do.
Chris: OK well, can we concentrate outside my room? Like uhyah, I know we can do the kitchen and the uh, the living room. But you know that's gonna be [unintelligible] that would require your direction on that, [unintelligible] thing.
Barbara: Downstairs right now there's vacuuming that needs to be done, there's carpet needs to be cleaned and there are things to be... [Chris sighs] And there are looooot of things that gotta go upstairs, or go to Goodwill. [Chris sighs again]
Chris: Yeah most of 'em, yeah um yeah an-, most of 'em of, all mine [?] do have to go upstairs.
Barbara:
And I bought two chests, there's one in the kitchen, there's one in that closet.
Chris: Yeah but-
Barbara: And those have tools-
Chris: Yeah but I mean where do you expect me to put, where do you expect me to put them in here, in my room?
Barbara: I didn't say put them in your room. There's a chest in that closet, there's a chest at the end of the kitchen. What all you do is stack up stuff in the kitchen like you do in here and... We gotta, yeah, we need to move things in the kitchen. But it takes two. And I have to feel like doing it. And I, I don't feel like-
Chris: B-b-buh-yut mum it's a chest in a a closet, I mean you put in the-er-whu- I already had a bunch of my stuff in there. I mean where am I gonna put that stuff downstairs? I don't know where else to put it. Especially that love doll.
Barbara: [sigh] You can stick that in the other room.
Chris: [sigh] Then it would, it- it gets hot, it gets hot in there and then it'll just... [imitates a balloon popping and deflating]
Barbara: Like, we need...we need to clean the tiles of the shower.
Chris: Yeah.
Barbara: In the bathroom.
Chris: Yeah we've got a lot to do, I know but-
Barbara: And re-grouting, putting, the uh, taking, removing the grout between the uh, tiles, and then re-grouting. And that's- [unintelligible]
[Silence as Chris and Barb leave the room. Some mumbling. The conversation with Kacey resumes at 30:54]
Chris: Er sorry about that. Kacey, you still there?
Kacey: Yeah, I'm here.
Chris: Yeah, I mean I just had to go to my mom's [unintelligible] herself, you know?
Kacey: Your mom made a lot of good points though.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: Like she's nothing, like, uh, you tell me. I mean like uh, I didn't hear a lot though like, what was she talking about?
Chris: Uh, it's like you know yeah, she definitely, she's like, she had a burst of energy right now and, she would, and then it's like, telling me about how we could further er, her ideas of what we could do to work on the hou-, work on the inside and outside of the house. Move things around and clean things up.
Kacey: Well, um, are you gonna help her then?
Chris: Yeah, I've been wanting to help her for a long time but I just didn't have, I didn't ah shu-, I just didn't know where to put the things.
Kacey: Uh, it, you, if you don't need it, you throw it out. Quite simple.
Chris: Yeah, I tell her that too but she doesn't want to throw any of her stuff out but, plus did you get it from the beginning it was like, you know, mostly dealt with me and my father's stuff. It never ever started on her stuff it was like, whatever you know, it's like at that point it's psychologically linked. Like you know, whatever's hers is like, you know she feels like she has to hold onto herself.
Kacey: Maybe this is her way of saying that she's ready to not do that. I mean [Chris: "Uhh..."] maybe you should start getting rid of your stuff in your room as an example to her. You know she sees you doing it and getting rid of a lot of stuff in your room, I'm pretty sure it'll help ease her into it.
Chris: Yeah. Yeah alright, yeah.
Kacey: I mean I bet there's tons of stuff you can get rid of in your room. I mean you don't really need all those toys do you? [long pause] I mean you're twenty seven. [pause]
Chris: Yeah. I'm s-, I'm still going over the toys thing but I can, yeah, more importantly yeah, I do have like, paper stuff I can sort out and, and, somewhere else or get rid of.
Kacey: Well paper isn't much, it doesn't take up a lot of room. I mean like your room is filled with toys, like maybe you can at least get all the stuff off the walls and ceilings. I mean you know like, have an adult bedroom.
Chris: Mm.
Kacey: Like your room looks like a twelve-year-old lives there.
Chris: [pause] Er, I'll think about that.
Kacey: You don't need to think about it, your mum is seriously- she came to you and reached out to you and you need to reach back out to her. Come on, this is exactly what I'm talking about, have some willpower. Is it really gonna hurt you to get rid of all that stuff? Are you gonna suffer because of it?
Chris: Hrm. Uhh I mean I guess, not everything I give, uhs, I can get rid of, I can get rid of uh, a lot of it, yah.
Kacey: I think you should take everything down from your walls. [pause] You know, make your room a lot more adult cause I mean, I think, I think maybe what's keeping you from uh, a correct frame of mind is that you're just holding on to too many things.
Chris: Hrm.
Kacey: You ever think about that? I mean how are you supposed to be an adult when, when you're sitting in your room all you can see is childish things? I'm not saying that it's not OK to have some of them but I mean, all over your walls and your ceiling? Come on! Besides if all of it's collector stuff you can sell it. If not donate it! Think about how happy you'll make somebody that, you know sharing your stuff like that. I mean you should probably keep maybe five percent of the stuff in your room.
Chris: Now that's too little.
Kacey: No it's not! I mean a lot of people don't have that much stuff, I mean it's just toys. I mean [Chris: "Well, uh."] it's not like I'm asking you to get rid of your video games.
Chris: Hm. Yeah. Yeah. OK well that's [?] for me to do. I will take that to great, I will take that into great consideration and action.
Kacey: OK whenever you say that you're not gonna do it. I bet you you can't do it. I bet you, I bet you that by Monday or Tuesday you can't have all that stuff off your walls.
Chris: By Monday or Tuesday?
Kacey: I bet you you can't. I bet you wouldn't do that even for me.
Chris: Hm. You know what I-
Kacey: I mean it would take you a couple hours and I bet you couldn't do it. You could do it tonight but I bet you you won't. And I want you to actually you know, sort through it and either give away some things or I mean you just can't stack it.
Chris: Yeah, alright well I'll tell you what, I'll, I'll tell you what, how about this, umm.
Kacey: Two hours, it'll take you two hours.
Chris: Yeah, I mean uh, I mean I'm going to take you up on your thing, you know. You say I can't do it, but, can't have uh, clear stuff off my walls and uh, make it look a bit neater by Tuesday. I'll take you up on that uh I'll, I'll, I'll figure out where to put stuff. I'll, I will figure out-
Kacey: And donate it! Don't forget to donate. 'Cause you gotta get rid of stuff, your mum wants you to get rid of stuff, I want you to make an example to your mum and your mum's gonna be so proud. You just can't put it somewhere in the house though 'cause that's just gonna mess things up even more.
Chris: OK. Yep.
Kacey: Don't, only do this, do this for your mom because she is very wise and she said a lot of things that, that are good.
Chris: Yep.
Kacey: You can tell her I agree with her.
Chris: OK. Yah.
Kacey: I mean why don't you ever listen to your parents? Your mom sounds like she really cares.
Chris: I do listen to my parents. They don't talk to me much. Uh-du-now-a-days.
Kacey: OK well they seem to be talking to you now so you should start doing things like they said. They are your parents, remember Chris, obey thy mother and father.
Chris: Yes m-, yes. I almost said "yes, mother"! [creepy laugh]
Kacey: [forced laughter]
Chris: I almost said "yes, mother", can you believe that? [awkward laugh]
Kacey: [fake laugh] Freudian slip.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: But anyway I think you sho-, I think you should do it by Monday. I mean come on, you can do it tomorrow. I bet you could do it tonight and tomorrow. You think you could do that?
Chris: Alright, I'll take you up on it, and I will.
Kacey: Okay [Chris: "Alright."] then I will expect some awesome progress. I mean maybe you could uh, put up a video for me. You know to show us your progress.
Chris: I'll, I'll take some, I'll take some pictures and then e-mail them to you.
Kacey: That would be awesome!
Chris: Yeah OK. Uh but yeah my mom asked me to uh, sort out some, sort out the uh, plastic utensils in the kitchen sink, put 'em in a plastic bag so that she can go uh, so she can wash dishes and they're, and they're-
Kacey: Why is there plastic in the sink?
Chris: Yeah I said plastic utensils.
Kacey: Yeah why are they in the sink though? You throw those away. That's the whole point of them.
Chris: Err, it's like you know a lot of times it's like, you know plastic utensils you can reuse, you can wash them and reuse them.
Kacey: No, you can't sterilize those! Ew! No, no, they're-they're plastic for a reason.
Chris: Alright. Well anyway my mom wants to put them in a bag so she can get them off, get them off the uh, so she can uh-
Kacey: I mean don't you have like, real silverware?
Chris: Yeah, we have real silverware.
Kacey: Why don't you use it?
Chris:
Well, from my point of view I don't know where they are.
Kacey: You don't know where they are?
Chris: [unintelligible stuttering] I mean we used to have them all in a drawer but now it's like they're scattered, they're mostly in the sink. Underneath all the dishes and the plastic utensils.
Kacey: How much is in your sink? I mean how long has it been since you've used them?
Chris: Yeah, it's been overflowing for months.
Kacey: ...Chris!
Chris: [annoyed] I know. I know. [pause] But tell you uh, it's like-
Kacey: I mean how, how is this not motivating you to do something when you can't even... use your own silverware? I mean like th-there's not bugs, are there?
Chris: [mishearing her] Frogs?
Kacey: Frogs? Wait, there's frogs in your house?!
Chris: No. There are no frogs in our house.
Kacey: Whatever you're talking about then? [laughs] I meant, like, are there bugs, 'cause of the mess?
Chris: Oh. You said "bugs".
Kacey: Yeah, not frogs. Bugs.
Chris: Hm. Yeah we, we do [sighs] sometimes get bugs in the, inside the house. We get ants, sometimes.
Kacey: That's it? I mean...
Chris: We also get, we also get like flies, even a couple of wasps.
Kacey: Wasps? I mean like, are there, but there aren't any like mice or roaches or anything, are there?
Chris: Uh, I have not seen any mice or roaches. Oh yeah, we did have moths in the house as well.
Kacey: Maybe, um, there's, like, some cracks that they're getting in; I mean, you should probably, really really clean that house.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: I mean, I don't know how bad it is, 'cause I haven't been there, but... if you can't even get to your own silverware, that sounds pretty bad. I could never even get to halfway there.
Chris: Yeah I, I feel for you there.
Kacey:
I mean, how could you let that happen? How could you let it get that bad?
Chris: [long pause] Ughh.
Kacey: I don't understand.
Chris: I don't understand either. It just kinda happened.
Kacey: It, it, OK that's a lot of it just happens. You'd have to just not care for years. [Chris tries to interrupt] I mean it's your fucking house, don't you wanna live in it? I mean that's, that's kind of lazy and gross.
Chris: Well, uh, well also like, you know. [pause] Mainly it was like my mom that was supposed to do the dishes upstairs and like-
Kacey: Why wouldn't you take initiative though? Your mom wants you to help out, like she says, you're young and healthy. You know she's really tired, right? So I mean, you should be doing those things.
Chris: Yeah well s-still you know...Yeah we have a two, we have a two, two-rack dishwasher with a silverware sectio-, silverware section on the front and I'm, I'm still confused on what can go, I mean asides from big plates and small cups I'm ah, I get confused about some things which can go on the top rack and which go on the bottom right like uh, I don't know I get-
Kacey: Just put the dishes in it, put soap in it, you're done. It's a dishwasher. But you can also wash dishes by hand.
Chris: Yeah.
Kacey: Just make sure you don't pile the dishes on top of them and you have to scrape them first, you know, make sure there's no debris. Just throw them in the dishwasher, put some soap in there, you're done and you can hand-wash stuff.
Chris: OK. Yeah. I, well, uh I should go, I should go sort out the uh, plasticware and uh yeah, I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Kacey: OK. You better get to cleaning, don't forget your room.
Chris: Yes. Yes, Kacey. I will not forget.
Kacey: And make your mom proud! She deserves it.
Chris: Yeah, I will.
Kacey: OK, alright, bye.
External Links
MP3 Phone Call
⇐ Kacey Call 14
Kacey Phone Calls
Kacey Call 16 ⇒
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Kacey_Call_15&oldid=327678"