Title: Knights Chats - Incest Drama
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Knights_Chats_-_Incest_Drama
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Chats without Chris, Incest Saga
================================================================================

Contents
1 First Incest Call Leaks
2 Discussing Snoo's Involvement, Chris is Served an EPO
3 The WCT's Lost Chat With Chris
4 The WCT Interrogates Bella
5 Reacting to Bella's Lies in Regarding Chris
6 The WCT on Leaking
7 Next Actions and Bella's "Info"
8 Null Cuts Off Chris, The WCT & Chris Discuss Bella
9 WCT Speaks to Lavenderbonez, Chats Between Bella and Fiona
10 References
First Incest Call Leaks
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
I share with the Knights the first leaked audio in which Chris admits to having had sex with his mother, expressing a hesitant hope that it's fake. The WCT immediately asserts that it definitely is fake, and would share it with Chris for his amusement. Another Knight expresses doubts and suggests that Chris make a statement addressing the audio, despite skepticism over whether Chris really would have sex with Barb. WCT and the Fool both acknowledge that the audio had been heavily edited, and I address that this is true, but the audio was still of Chris's real voice.
I post the nine-minute version of the audio, which included Chris talking with an unknown individual about sex acts with Barb. Silvia suggests that the previously-mentioned "lady friend" was actually referring to Barb, which we both hope is not the case. I note that someone named "Fiona" is mentioned in the call (the real name of the Suitress, as we would later find out), and could be the identity of the "lady friend." I begin sharing transcripts of the call that were being created by users on the CWCki Server.
I post a screenshot of Null talking about his theories about what is going on, one being that the audio is old and from the Joshua Wise days. Silvia inquires about this, and I clarify that Null is talking about the past coercion of the Idea Guys, and the audio might be a result of that. I post another screenshot of Null explaining a theory that Chris is trying to cover something up with a really bad lie, and ask about its likelihood. The mention of a convention by Chris in the audio makes us wonder if there was a convention that occurred during the Idea Guys saga that he was referring to, as opposed to the then-upcoming Everfree Northwest convention.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:31 AM
This is definitely fake...right?
[Defunct YouTube link to "Chris Chan Admits to having sex with his Mother" by EllDudeRocks]
Spliced audio?
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/oudn5m/chris_chan_admits_to_having_sex_with_his_mother/
https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/ouel67/more_barb_x_chris_leaks_from_the_trolls/
This could be much more easily fabricated
The WCT 02:38 AM
I smell bullshit. lel
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:41 AM
Any of the audio sound familiar?
The WCT 02:47 AM
[Replying to "Any of the audio sound familiar?"]
it sounds like it was recorded last year or so.
yeah, this is fake.
I'll ask Chris about this i'm sure he'll get a good chuckle.
[REDACTED] 04:30 AM
Would it be good to get Chris to make a public statement about it?
The WCT 04:45 AM
[Replying to "Would it be good to get Chris to make a public statement about it?"]
I’d just ask him.
If nobody cares, he won’t need to make a statement.
[REDACTED] 04:46 AM
News of it's spreading like wildfire.
The Fool 04:46 AM
it's real, my uncle works for chris-chan he knows
[2 sonichuthink[1] reactions]
also chris making a public statement about it would at best do nothing and at worst make people think they're more legit
[REDACTED] 04:49 AM
I'm skeptical that he'd fuck Barb. But is there any evidence of the call being faked?
The WCT 04:49 AM
Obviously.
If you hear it, it’s clearly edited. lol
Silvia 04:50 AM
I know he said he had erotic thoughts of barb(?)
The Fool 04:50 AM
yeah this is painfully spliced
The WCT 04:50 AM
Some major gay ops by shitty trolls are taking place.
Silvia 04:50 AM
I may be wrong.
The Fool 04:51 AM
no he outright said roleplaying as magichan that barb was his "guilty pleasure" waifu
Silvia 04:51 AM
Ohhhhh
The Fool 04:51 AM
he absolutely has lowkey incest thoughts but I doubt he'd ever fuck barb
what a convenient excuse
his words themselves sound pretty spliced in general
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:06 AM
It's definitely Chris's real voice
Only question is, how much of it was edited?
The WCT 05:16 AM
A good chunk of it to cause confusion.
I’ll ask Chris tomorrow about the call.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:16 AM
[Download link for the nine-minute version of the incest call.]
The full clip has been released
Haven't gotten a chance to listen to it all the way through, but it doesn't sound good
Could be more out of context weirdness, but...
https://kiwifarms.net/threads/reddit-discussing-chris-leaked-audio.96523/
Silvia 05:20 AM
Could that be the lady friend Chris was talking about? Maybe why they wouldn’t say her name
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:20 AM
Barb as the lady friend?
Silvia 05:20 AM
Yea….
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:20 AM
magichan[2]
Silvia 05:21 AM
I hope not.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:21 AM
Someone named Fiona is mentioned in the call
Silvia 05:21 AM
Fiona?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:21 AM
That's what people are saying
Could be the name of the lady friend
Silvia 05:22 AM
I’ll give it a listen myself.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:22 AM
The girl he was talking to apparently said that he was dating "Fiona" and asked if Barb was okay with it
I'm lifting transcriptions from users on cwcki server, it's going nuts over there
one minute into the call:
Chris: Um, yeah, so she’s got really- [‘’unintelligible’’] g-bot- g-spot, cuz apparently I don’t believe her- I don’t believe he- Mr. C, any of her past boyfriends, ex-husbands- they haven’t really reached in her g-spot with their dicks.
Woman: [‘’terrible audio quality’’] Right. Right.
Chris: They haven’t- they haven’t ha- they were focused on pleasuring [‘’woman coughs’’] themselves really, as opposed to focusing on her, which that’s my focus.
Woman: Right [‘’unintelligible’’] yeah, true- um, before- like, the convention, be sure to have- uh, a lot of fun wi- make sure to have a- push [‘’censored’’] fun with her, right? Because, um-
Chris: Obviously.
Woman: Yeah, because now you’re doing this for your mom- yeah, ju- make sure- I’ll be there- I’ll be there watching you guys making sure that nobody is tryna’- [‘’cough’’]- sorry, my throat- nobody’s tryna’ hurt you or do anything, I’ll take photos of you two- a dance would be awesome. We could take turns, I’d like to dance with her too-
Chris: Yeah.
Woman: And then you guys could take the slow dance.
Who is the mystery caller?
Silvia 05:24 AM
Obviously a troll
Maybe someone we knew
I was thinking Meghan or the pickchu girl. But then again that’s all the girls I know.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:26 AM
[Screenshot of a post by Null on Kiwi Farms, positing his theories about what's going on.]
Silvia 05:27 AM
https://tenor.com/view/shrug-jakethedog-adventuretime-idunno-idk-gif-7391243
The Joshua wise days?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:28 AM
Idea Guy influences
Leftovers from that era
Silvia 05:28 AM
Ohhhh
The cwcki still down so I couldn’t look it up
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:35 AM
They influenced him to say a bunch of weird shit and permanently affect his comic
They're basically the reason he is the way he is today
With all the goddess delusions
Silvia 05:36 AM
Ahhhh makes sense. I vaguely remember the talk about how they made him believe he’s trans and a cpu correct. From the neptunia games
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:36 AM
Nah, trans was before the idea guys. Neptunia was their doing, tho
[Screenshot of a post by Null on Kiwi Farms, explaining his theory that Chris is trying to cover something up with a really bad lie.]
You suppose this is the opposite of the shecameforcwc situation?
He's lying about Barb to cover up the existence of his lady friend?
Silvia 05:37 AM
????? Please explain
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:37 AM
MINUTE TWO:
Chris: My mom and all the other uh- [‘’unintelligible’’]
Woman: Yeah.
Chris: [‘’unintelligible’’] before the convention as well.
Woman: Right. Well, how are you feeling, Christine? How are you feeling? Because I know there’s been a lot of societal pressure on you about, like, um- this thing with Barbra. A lot of societal pressure, a lot of people- you know- consciously- who would ju- like, who would judge, and you know there’s a lot of eyes on you. That must be very stressful.
Chris: Yeah, it is.
Woman: Yeah, I can imagine.
Chris: [‘’unintelligible’’]
Woman: I’m so sorry about all that stuff. Yeah.
Chris: Well, still, bu- [‘’unintelligible over the woman’s coughs’’] we’ll still have Magi-Chan and [‘’unintelligible. Cryztel?’’] to dance with.
Woman: You’ll always have them [‘’unintelligible’’]
Chris: [‘’unintelligible’’]- incest fan-fics coming true and shit.
Woman: I didn’t even know there was such a thing. I didn’t even know there was incest fan-fics. Were they about you and Barbra, I can’t believe that. I didn’t even think that- I- I knew that you guys had a good relationship, but I always thought that- cuz I’m not huge on Christory, and you know, whatever- I just thought that the whole Sonichu franchise was very interesting, and that’s how I- um, got into you.
Silvia 05:38 AM
This is so weird. How they mention convention. This upcoming convention?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:39 AM
Idk, maybe there was one that lined up with the idea guys saga?
I'd look it up, but obviously can't because the cwcki is down
Silvia 05:40 AM
Wait when was the idea guys doing their thing. Bc I go to pony cons and can see which ones were in the year
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:40 AM
2017-2018
Silvia 05:40 AM
Ok so not bronycon 2019
[REDACTED] 05:40 AM
Magfest was during the IG saga.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:41 AM
I know chris went to one soon after the idea guys because there's a picture of him at one in the gopnik outfit
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:41 AM
[Replying to "Magfest was during the IG saga."]
What do you think about the theory that he's covering his ass about the lady friend in the worst possible way?
Although, wasn't she mentioned? Unless Fiona is someone else?
This whole thing gives me a headache lol
Silvia 05:42 AM
Is barbs middle name Fiona?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:42 AM
No, it's Anne
Silvia 05:42 AM
Ok
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:43 AM
Nobody in Chris's family/life has the name Fiona
Until now
Silvia 05:44 AM
Hmmm……I’d say check the phone records to see if Christine had any recent phone calls
But idk if that’s possible. I’d feel like that would be wrong
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:46 AM
What would be?
Silvia 05:46 AM
If we asked for phone records
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:46 AM
Oh
That would imply that we don't trust him at his word
Silvia 05:47 AM
Yea that’s why I said never mind
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:47 AM
Also, he wouldn't even tell us the name of his lady friend
Silvia 05:47 AM
Exactly that raises red flags in my brain.
[REDACTED] 05:49 AM
It's all really strange. I don't think Chris would be that dumb to cover it up with screwing his mom.
Silvia 05:50 AM
No but it’s also a immoral thing to do. So maybe shame
Kids make up stories to hide sweets from their parents
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:51 AM
[Replying to "It's all really strange. I don't think Chris would be that dumb to cover it up with screwing his mom."]
Wouldn't be the first time he covers up something dumb with something even dumber (edited)
MINUTE THREEEEE:
Woman: But I had- I had- I didn’t have any idea that Barbra was- um- that Barbra and you had a sexual relationship, I never got any of those vibes. But- um, how did you approach her?
Chris: I approached her with care and caution.
Woman: [‘’weird sound, it can be presumed she starts masturbating at this moment’’]
Chris: And it was a- it was a timed approach, so I just gave her comfort and talked with her and just branched out slow and steady and then I- then I encourage- encouraged her positively and let her make the first move cuz she wanted to do it-
Woman: Oh she did? Really, she made the first move?
Chris: Yeah.
Woman: [‘’in a tone denoting that she derives some sort of sick sexual pleasure from that information’’] Oh. Oh ‘’really?’’ Wowww, Barbra! [‘’laughs’’] How- how did she do it if you don’t mind me asking- what was the first move?
Chris: Ugh,
uuuh, I don’t remember exactly. Um. Well that was her move but my approach was… I forgot
Silvia 05:53 AM
This is like a fever dream
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:54 AM
You're telling me
Silvia 05:55 AM
Wait so the woman is getting off on this?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:56 AM
That's the transcriber's interpretation
Silvia 05:58 AM
Oh ok I was about to say
Lainchu (Anaxis) 06:04 AM
MINUTE FOUR:
Chris: I forgot exactly what ter- what terminology of the approach I used, right. I approached with care and caution.
Woman: That’s good.
Chris: Then I was mostly- then I was directly upfront with her for the most part.
Woman: That’s good. And how did she respond when you- um, when you approached her. What’d she say?
Chris: I don’t- I don’t remember exactly what she said, but it was kinda- it was- I think she was partially confused at one point, but- but then she came around obviously- with more approaching- with more approaching her that I was doing along the way.
Woman: Right. So she- so she got into it. How was- how was the first kiss- [‘’presumably masturbates furiously at the thought’’] when you kissed her, how did that feel- having known this woman for your whole life- how did that feel?
Chris: Oh yeah, I mean it was simple- uhh, lip- lip-lock, lip-to-lip kiss contact. But yeah, actually it felt right.
Transcriber is having fun with it
Silvia 06:05 AM
Oh Jheez
Discussing Snoo's Involvement, Chris is Served an EPO
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
A member of the server notes that somebody named "Snoo" was involved in the situation, and might be the same person as Fiona. Recognizing that name, I explain to WCT (who is in shock over the news of the call spreading like wildfire across the Internet) who Snoo is and her past history obsessing over Chris and getting into conflicts with the Watchmen. WCT questions if she was actually the leaker, and I express uncertainty. WCT then states that Fiona was already in the Knights server, which I express confusion over, mistakenly believing that Bella and the "an0nym0us" account were two different individuals who had joined the server. WCT goes to check again, and states that he was wrong (in reality, he wasn't).
At this point, we learn that Chris had been kicked out of his house and served an emergency protective order keeping him away from Barb, and that Bella was the one who Chris had confided his secret to.
In an "emergency call" hosted by WCT, we discuss what we knew about the situation. I focus on Snoo and her involvement, noting that she may be the key to all of this. We all have differing opinions over how Chris will be treated by the law and how likely it is that he actually did commit the crime. We listen to the leaked audio again together and comment on it, and I share a video I was given of Snoo cosplaying as Classic Chris and reenacting one of his old trolling videos.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Silvia 07:48 AM
Any news?
I feel like it could be a member of praetor
[REDACTED] 11:55 AM
Apparently someone named Snoo is involved, who's known for wanting to have sex with Chris or something. Chris also mentioned a Fiona in the call and that's supposedly Snoo's name.
Someone posted this cap in the CWCki Server, about Snoo editing the call.
[Broken image attachment]
The WCT 01:07 PM
[Replying to "Broken image attachment"]
I KNEW IT
Silvia 01:42 PM
PIKCHU NUMBER 2
Fucking Helena copycat lol
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:11 PM
Oh no
Not Snoo
Para 02:11 PM
did chris fuck his mom
sorry jusf woke up
towelsweat[3]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:12 PM
That's what the entire internet is currently saying
The cwcki server is going nuts rn
Has Chris said anything?
[REDACTED] 02:14 PM
Only put out a tweet asking people to withdraw from gossip/rumors.
https://twitter.com/CPU_CWCSonichu/status/1421143897795964936
Para 02:14 PM
i thought there was a recording
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:15 PM
He means that this is the only public statement that Chris has made since the recording came out
And it's just another tarot reading
The WCT 02:16 PM
i'm gonna be honest right now:
Para 02:16 PM
[Defunct YouTube link to "Chris Chan Admits to having sex with his Mother" by EllDudeRocks]
[REDACTED] 02:17 PM
Apparently there's a social worker at Chris's house. Someone photographed a car there.
The Fool 02:17 PM
chris is pretty dismissive of gossip around him in general, so I don't think he's in a rush to deny it
The WCT 02:17 PM
[Replying to "i'm gonna be honest right now:"]
I wouldn't be surprised if more VCs have yet to be leaked.
Para 02:18 PM
ok so he did
he says it himself
The WCT 02:19 PM
HOLY SHIT
[Cropped screenshot of the title of a YouTube video, reading "Chris Chan Admits to having sex with his Mother."]
and its trending on Twitter too. lol
Para 02:21 PM
could be faked the audio is edited
The WCT 02:22 PM
there is a full version.
holy shit, people have been bombarding my Discord DMs about Chris.
me hearing the news after I just got out of bed. -
[Picture of a character from Thomas and Friends, partially in his pajamas with an annoyed/disgusted look on his face.]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:23 PM
Apparently Snoo and Fiona are the same person
This is bad
The WCT 02:24 PM
[Replying to "This is bad"]
indeed.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:24 PM
Apparently she was the one who leaked all of this
The WCT 02:25 PM
do we know anything about her?
and what the motives are?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:26 PM
She's this crazy girl who is obsessed with Chris
[1 sonichudizzy[4] reaction]
Like, wants to fuck him obsessed
Idk if you remember, but the first time that Val got banned from the cwcki server was because he doxed her YT channel of her, I think imitating the YandereDev "drink from the cum chalice" thing?
And that was because she texted Chris and made that fact known on one of his livestreams
After she was banned from the cwcki server, she seemed to get more and more obsessed after the fact, to the point where she would make tik toks dressing up as classic chris and dancing
The WCT 02:29 PM
[Replying to "After she was banned from the cwcki server, she seemed to get more and more obsessed after the fact, to the point where she would make tik toks dressing up as classic chris and dancing"]
[Picture of a character from Thomas and Friends, partially in his pajamas with an annoyed/disgusted look on his face.]
And she leaks shit because Chris won't fuck her?
The Fool 02:30 PM
is she hot
The WCT 02:31 PM
https://kiwifarms.net/threads/chris-chan-incest-leak-chris-has-been-removed-from-14-branchland-court.96559/
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:31 PM
[Replying to "And she leaks shit because Chris won't fuck her?"]
I'm not certain. If she is Fiona, and they're supposedly planning to share a hotel room together?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:32 PM
[Replying to "is she hot"]
Not in my opinion
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:32 PM
[Replying to "https://kiwifarms.net/threads/chris-chan-incest-leak-chris-has-been-removed-from-14-branchland-court.96559/"]
Oh no
The Fool 02:32 PM
okay then i don't care
The WCT 02:33 PM
[Replying to "I'm not certain. If she is Fiona, and they're supposedly planning to share a hotel room together?"]
...
uh oh.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:33 PM
Well, if Chris gets arrested, that may not even come to pass
The WCT 02:33 PM
Isn't Fiona in this server right now?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:33 PM
What?
Wait
One of the Praetors here is bella
The other in an0nym0us
Who is she?
The WCT 02:34 PM
let me check my DMs.
I might be wrong.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:35 PM
That would be an insane coincidence if they were the same person, so I'm thinking they aren't
Para 02:35 PM
ew he ate out his mom?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:36 PM
We're not certain of anything at this point except that Chris has been arrested
The WCT 02:36 PM
[Replying to "I might be wrong."]
yeah I'm wrong.
The Fool 02:36 PM
not arrested, just kicked out of his house
The WCT 02:36 PM
[Cropped screenshot of a post by Null on Kiwi Farms, mentioning Bella and Chris's Emergency Protective Order that bars him from his house.]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:39 PM
Where is he being kept then?
The WCT 02:41 PM
no idea.
Looks like Bella has some explaining to do.
The WCT 03:46 PM
Well guys.
safe to say we didn't see that one coming.
NOTE: A call took place between myself and the other Knights and was not recorded, so the only evidence I have of it taking place are these chat transcripts of myself and others who didn't have their mics turned on, reacting to external audio and video. Keep this in mind when trying to evaluate context.
private-voice-chat (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The WCT 02:57 PM
Emergency call. @everyone
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:57 PM
Hello
This has been a day
I don't think anyone did
The Fool 02:58 PM
do you have anything important to say or should I continue eating my sandwich and watching minecraft videos
Lainchu (Anaxis) 02:58 PM
I woke up and the cwcki server was going batshit
Para 02:58 PM
i cant talk atm
so they don't want responsibility
but they want to cause shit
they are scumbags
it sounds like he was encouraged to fuck his mom
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:01 PM
It's legit in the sense that Chris is the one saying the words
His intent however, is a different beast entirely
Kicking them out won't accomplish anything
If they're here, we can keep an eye on them
Yeah
Has Chris ever mentioned someone named Snoo before?
Hopefully there will be a next time
Para 03:04 PM
i dont think they can just arrest him with no evidence
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:04 PM
You think he's still gonna try and go to Ponycon after this?
Para 03:04 PM
yes
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:04 PM
Or would the police interpret it as him fleeing the state?
The Fool 03:05 PM
for a misdominer with a max of 1 year? lol
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:07 PM
Yeah, this is biggest spike in traffic the server has ever gotten
Especially since the cwcki is down from a huge spike of traffic as well
So they have nowhere else to go but here
Para 03:08 PM
this is like the 9/11 of christory
but he says it himself
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:08 PM
On the plus side, we reached level 3
Para 03:08 PM
is the real kicker
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:08 PM
We're officially discord.gg/sonichu
Para 03:09 PM
chris RAPES his mom
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:09 PM
We need to ask questions about Snoo once he gets back
[1 sonichuthink[1] reaction]
She might be the key to all of this
Doesn't shock me
He's apathetic, I guess
The WCT 03:11 PM
[Screenshot of a post on Kiwi Farms by user DawnDusk, expressing a belief that Chris's story is too complex and detailed to be made up.]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:11 PM
Can hardly blame him
Para 03:12 PM
it was his mom
the entire time (edited)
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:12 PM
The lady friend
The Fool 03:12 PM
legit?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:12 PM
The silver fox
Or cougar, I guess
The Fool 03:13 PM
was it really his mom he was talking about?
Para 03:13 PM
no it totally was
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:13 PM
We have no idea
Para 03:13 PM
it makes perfect sense
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:13 PM
There are a lot of players in this situation
The Fool 03:13 PM
it does...
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:13 PM
Bella, Fiona, anonymous, Barb...
The lady friend
Oh
Wait
Who's the second Praetor then?
The Fool 03:13 PM
come on if chris got a real fuckbuddy he would not be able to not talk about it, unless it was his mom
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:13 PM
Ah, Fifi
The Fool 03:14 PM
because he knows thats shameful
Para 03:14 PM
she probably isn't saying shit to you until she gets a curated answer from her people
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:14 PM
We should ask the Praetors if they know about Snoo
Whether they say shit or not will say a lot
Well, those "emergency funds" allocated will sure come in handy now
Para 03:16 PM
snoo
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:16 PM
Doesn't matter, she's elderly and it's still a crime
Para 03:16 PM
Snoorlax
The WCT 03:16 PM
[YouTube link to "leaked chris chan: admits rapng his mother [FULL AUDIO]" by Dr. Retard]
Para 03:16 PM
ok
The Fool 03:17 PM
I'm sure the case will entirely ride on barb's inspection and testimony to the hospital and if they find nothing I'm sure they'll drop it
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:17 PM
Agreed
It's too quiet
Para 03:18 PM
its quiet
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:18 PM
Turn up your computer volume
Play it
Play the video
Hm, still quiet
Maybe it is a setting on discord
Para 03:20 PM
its better for me
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:21 PM
It's fine
Para 03:21 PM
shes encouraging it
who is this whore
"incest fanfics have come true"
yikeds
[Picture of the "Who need they pussy ate" meme, modified so the man is Chris and the woman is Barb, with the man's dialogue altered to read "Who needs their Barbussy ate?"]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:23 PM
Found the infamous video of Snoo
[Defunct video attachment]
[2 sonichudizzy[4] reactions]
The Fool 03:24 PM
oh yeah that isn't attractive
would not have sex with
Para 03:24 PM
is that a guy
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:24 PM
No, it's a girl
The Fool 03:24 PM
autistic women look like men
Para 03:25 PM
has a man jaw
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:25 PM
She's just got really short hair
Para 03:25 PM
no "she" looks like an asian male
"it took a few tries"
oh my fucking god
The WCT 03:25 PM
[Replying to "Defunct video attachment"]
CRRRRRRRRRRINNNNNNGGGGEEEE
[Picture of a crested duck.]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:26 PM
Rewind it
Para 03:26 PM
imagine fucking your mom
what the fuck
exactly
WTf
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:27 PM
Not out of the realm of possibility
Para 03:27 PM
This is Disgusting
magichan[2]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:28 PM
Indeed
There's the mention of "Fiona"
Who might be Snoo?
Para 03:29 PM
they go to mcdonalds
shes egging him on
shes acting as if its a good THING
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:30 PM
The speaker is probably the one who leaked it if this is a one-on-one call
Para 03:33 PM
what happened there
lol
Lainchu (Anaxis) 03:34 PM
At least he didn't record himself doing the deed
The WCT's Lost Chat With Chris
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
The WCT shares that Chris had DMed him, something which surprises me as I had believed Chris's phone had been taken away. WCT asks him about his plans and what had happened, and then asks who he had been talking to in the audio. Chris confirms that he had been talking to Bella, which we react to with astonishment and confusion. Silvia and I are still under the mistaken belief that she was acting on behalf of Praetor and that she was the leaker, so I question her motivations. When WCT asks if Chris did the deed to Barb, he confirms it and justifies his reasons, to our collective shock. Silvia states that Bella should leave the server, but I insist that she stay so that we could inquire further about what happened.
I request that WCT ask about Fiona, and Chris finally confirms that she is the same person as ScootalooSister/Fifi Vixenhart/Snoo by identifying her as the woman in the video clip. WCT then asks Chris if the previously-mentioned "lady friend" was actually referring to Barb, and Chris confirms that it was, to our disbelief. Upon Chris's request, WCT begins deleting messages from his side of their conversation, and Chris assumedly does the same with his own messages.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The WCT 05:09 PM
Chris DM'd me.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:11 PM
???
What did he say?
I assumed he got his phone taken away from him
The WCT 05:11 PM
he doesn't have a desktop.
he still has his phone from what I know.
I asked Chris to give me his side of the story.
The Fool 05:13 PM
did josh tell him he can potentially get put on ice for a year for this (not that I expect that to happen, the court never does anything to chris lol) (edited)
The WCT 05:15 PM
@here
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:19 PM
Any word on whether he claims the allegations are true or not?
The WCT 05:19 PM
I'm asking him that right now.
Silvia 05:25 PM
[Replying to "The other in an0nym0us"]
BELLA IS THE PERSON HOLY SHIT
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:25 PM
Bella is the person, and Chris is confirming it's real
The Fool 05:25 PM
he's not denying it
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:25 PM
This is bad
[REDACTED] 05:26 PM
Wow
Silvia 05:26 PM
I knew it. I had a feeling this is praetor
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:27 PM
This doesn't make any sense though. What motivation does she have to leak this information?
If chris gets put away, their business goes down the drain
The WCT 05:27 PM
ITS CONFIRMED
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS????
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:28 PM
Fuck no
Oh god
Silvia 05:28 PM
IS SHE OUT OF THE SERVER
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:28 PM
Don't do it
Para 05:28 PM
knew it
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:28 PM
We need to ask her questions
Para 05:28 PM
bella egged on chris
Silvia 05:28 PM
SHE NEEDS TO FUCKING LEAVE
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:28 PM
[Replying to "WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS????"]
Ask if she's the secret lady friend
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:29 PM
[Replying to "SHE NEEDS TO FUCKING LEAVE"]
If she leaves, we lose a link to any more information about this
Silvia 05:29 PM
WHY WOULD SHE DO THIS
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:29 PM
That's what I want to know
Silvia 05:30 PM
I HAD A FEELING IT WAS SOMEONE WE KNEW THE BELLA JOINED
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:30 PM
What?
The WCT 05:30 PM
[Replying to "SHE NEEDS TO FUCKING LEAVE"]
no
The Fool 05:31 PM
I wasn't there in the call but do we even know that she made chris do it, or simply encouraged him?
there's a significant difference there, even if what she did was still wrong
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:32 PM
We don't know because we're missing the context
She also released the recording
Maybe she thought she was doing the right thing, but if that were the case, why not just call the police instead of posting it online?
Para 05:33 PM
she didnt make chris do it
she encouraged it
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:33 PM
Maybe she thought it was funny. I don't think she was trying to get chris jailed.
Para 05:33 PM
but he did it on his own
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:33 PM
Because this has blown massively out of proportion
Silvia 05:33 PM
It is but we need to get a handle on this quick. Chris cannot handle jail
Para 05:33 PM
why would you morons be convinced she made him do it
he massages his mom and ate her out
and fucked her
The Fool 05:34 PM
I don't know what we can even do lol
Para 05:34 PM
chris has to take personal responsibility
Silvia 05:34 PM
I believe he is by telling Neko.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:35 PM
[Replying to "why would you morons be convinced she made him do it"]
I'm not convinced that she coerced him
Para 05:35 PM
chris sees nothing weong with it
he thinks fucking his mom is good
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:35 PM
@Neko any more updates?
The WCT 05:36 PM
[Replying to "@Neko any more updates?"]
give me a few moments.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:37 PM
He barely even seems to care
Ask about Fiona
Silvia 05:37 PM
[Replying to "Click to see attachment 🖼️"]
Oh gods…..
The WCT 05:37 PM
[Replying to "Ask about Fiona"]
what should I ask him specifically?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:38 PM
Just mention that a Fiona is alluded to in the call and ask who that is
Silvia 05:39 PM
Can we contact the police themselves and speak to them
Para 05:39 PM
no
thats not how that works
the police arent lawyers
The Fool 05:40 PM
yeah lol
Para 05:40 PM
they just enforce the law
Silvia 05:40 PM
Oh…
The Fool 05:40 PM
right now it's up to investigators to look into this, and they're probably waiting on the hospital to check barb
right now all the police are doing is enforcing the court order to stay away from the house
The WCT 05:40 PM
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:41 PM
Scootaloo sister?
Isn't she also a Praetor?
The WCT 05:42 PM
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:42 PM
Send the videos of Snoo, ask if she's Bella's roommate
Or just if she looks familiar
Oh, I see, they're two different people
M42 and Bella's roommate
The Fool 05:44 PM
so, since this is a misdemeanor, he's not going to get his SSI taken away, right? that only happens if you commit a felony yes?
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:45 PM
Well, he could get convicted of a felony at this point
It's only a matter of time before Barb's medical examination reveals the obvious
The WCT 05:45 PM
@Lainchu the crazy chick is Fiona.
the one in the tik tok clips.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:45 PM
So it's confirmed, then?
Fiona is Snoo?
Para 05:47 PM
doesnt barb have to consent to a medical examination
The Fool 05:47 PM
she's probably demented as shit by now lol
if she was fucking chris
Para 05:47 PM
[Modification of the "Who need they pussy ate" meme, this time using real photos of Chris and Barb with different text.]
The Fool 05:47 PM
I'm guessing she doesn't even know where she is right now
anyone know the penalty of elder abuse in virginia?
The WCT 05:49 PM
this is the last message sent before we ended our convo.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:49 PM
Fuck
The Fool 05:49 PM
I have chills
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:50 PM
I think we joked about this after that call happened too
This is...unbelievable
The Fool 05:50 PM
yeah honestly I think I'm still in shell shock
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:51 PM
[Replying to "@Lainchu the crazy chick is Fiona."]
Was it chris who confirmed this?
The WCT 05:51 PM
[Replying to "Was it chris who confirmed this?"]
yes
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:51 PM
Not that I don't believe you, but can I see what he wrote?
The WCT 05:51 PM
Lainchu (Anaxis) 05:52 PM
God damn
Once the truth gets out...it's over for chris
It's only a matter of time
The WCT 05:53 PM
So this is what happens after I wrecked the Watchmen. lol
The WCT Interrogates Bella
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
WCT interrogates Bella in DMs over her involvement in the leaked calls and shares their messages with the rest of us. Bella (in very poor grammar and spelling) immediately blames two other individuals for "hacking" Chris's Internet, which WCT and the Fool privately call bullshit on. WCT keeps asking her questions but Bella continues to give him the runaround, stating that Chris had raped his mother and condemning WCT for "supporting" him. Bella insists that WCT make a group chat so that she can explain everything, and he obliges, adding me, the Fool, Para, Silvia, and himself into it along with Bella.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
See also: The Knights of CWC chats (July 2021)#The WCT questions Bella
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The WCT 06:22 PM
Bella is talking to me right now.
she's explaining.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 06:23 PM
You recording?
The WCT 06:24 PM
screenshots.
The Fool 06:24 PM
what
Lainchu (Anaxis) 06:25 PM
???
Hackers?
The Fool 06:25 PM
I can barely understand what she wrote but that sounds like bullshit
The WCT 06:25 PM
I don't buy this.
The Fool 06:26 PM
I've never in my life heard someone working for an ISP "hacking your modem"
there's not even a reason to do that
intercept the packets at the provider's servers if you work there
ask her to clarify
The WCT 06:32 PM
The Fool 06:32 PM
unless she just doesn't understand the technical details of whoever is telling her that stuff, she's lying
I hope that oswald guy replaced his blinker fluid before he hacked that modem
Lainchu (Anaxis) 06:36 PM
Who is Avery Oswald?
The Fool 06:36 PM
I'm going to guess made-up
The WCT 06:37 PM
[Replying to "Who is Avery Oswald?"]
[Mugshot of Lee Harvey Oswald.]
Lainchu (Anaxis) 06:38 PM
Wrong guy
The WCT 06:39 PM
[Replying to "Wrong guy"]
i'm just joking. lol
The Fool 06:39 PM
why don't you ask her to just be honest and that you don't really give a shit who did what anyway
The WCT 06:41 PM
Para 06:41 PM
ask them for the video
The WCT 06:42 PM
Silvia 06:46 PM
She’s being a little bitch dangling the answer in front of your face.
The WCT 06:46 PM
[Replying to "She’s being a little bitch dangling the answer in front of your face."]
oh I forgot you.
give me a sec.
At this point, The WCT had created the group chat "Regarding Chris" and invited Bella and everyone participating in this conversation to it.
Reacting to Bella's Lies in Regarding Chris
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
Having listened to Bella in the "Regarding Chris" group chat, I express my doubts about how truthful Bella is being, noting that she claimed Snoo was not the same person as Fiona, which contradicted Chris's claim. The Fool states his inclination to believe her more now, though I point out that we're taking Bella's word on everything without further evidence.
NOTE: Context for these reactions can be found here and here.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 07:08 PM
So...
I'm confused. Chris confirmed that Snoo is Fiona but Bella thinks they aren't the same person?
How much do you think of what she's saying is true? A lot of it sounds a bit fanciful, even for Chris.
The Fool 07:14 PM
I'm inclined to believe it now, especially because he says it's "completely mutual", I'm sure as fuck it was not
he probably was threatening her and interpreted her compliance with mutuality
Lainchu (Anaxis) 07:15 PM
Well, we're taking it at her word without any additional evidence
The Fool 07:15 PM
she sounds pretty mad about it
Lainchu (Anaxis) 07:15 PM
True
Lainchu (Anaxis) 07:28 PM
Really not sure what to make of all this
The Fool 07:29 PM
chris fucked his mom and then told people about it
the end
Lainchu (Anaxis) 07:29 PM
I guess that's the short version
The Fool 07:30 PM
I'll have catharsis after knowing what state barb is in
The WCT on Leaking
30 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
After the group interrogation of Bella is finished for the night, WCT shares a tweet by GiBi where he states that Chris had confessed to having sex with Barb to an ex-Watchman and to Dillin Thomas, and that the public should accept what happened. I ask if we should share what we know considering all that has happened, and WCT states that he intends on doing more leaks if Chris is arrested and charged for incest. I ask who the ex-Watchman GiBi referred to was, and WCT states that it was himself.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The WCT 08:11 PM
[A tweet by GiBi that reads:
An hour and a half ago Chris confessed his guilt to an ex member of the watchmen.
He also confessed to Dillin Thomas when asked.
I think it's time we accept what happened.]
Silvia 08:12 PM
I thought we didn’t like Dillin
The WCT 08:14 PM
yeah but Dilin blew the whistle.
Silvia 08:14 PM
Ahhh
Well I wil say this. He’s never gonna be allowed in another con again
Lainchu (Anaxis) 08:18 PM
[Replying to "yeah but Dilin blew the whistle."]
Should we?
I know chris trusts us, but...this is really fucked
The WCT 08:18 PM
Here's what I'll do:
if we get word that Chris has been arrested or charged for incest, I intend on leaking.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 08:19 PM
[Replying to "https://twitter.com/GiBi_Devon/status/1421261183840145409"]
Who was the ex member?
The WCT 08:19 PM
[Replying to "Who was the ex member?"]
me.
Lainchu (Anaxis) 08:19 PM
Ah
Lainchu (Anaxis) 08:19 PM
[Replying to "if we get word that Chris has been arrested or charged for incest, I intend on leaking."]
Makes sense I guess. Although he already admitted it to your face.
The Fool 08:19 PM
oh god yeah, I'd be shocked if any con let him in now, lol
he's gonna be so mad about that
Lainchu (Anaxis) 08:20 PM
More than anything else probably
Next Actions and Bella's "Info"
31 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
The Fool questions the fate of the Knights should Chris turn out to be guilty, and then he and Para both express their utter disbelief over the events that had transpired.
Having resumed interrogating Bella, who at this point had claimed Chris was withholding food from Barb and did "BDSM stuff" with her, Para asks WCT if he is going to release that information, which the Fool cautions against since there was no proof, only Bella's claims. He then comments on why she would stay on the call for 4 hours (as she claimed).
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The Fool 08:01 AM
Bella's not getting shit lol
Silvia 08:01 AM
????
The Fool 08:01 AM
but it's funny how josh's optics are even worse now
The Fool 09:17 AM
so boys (and emily) what do we do if chris is guilty
disband?
Silvia 09:17 AM
I have no clue.
The Fool 09:18 AM
I honestly never expected chris to be a criminal, always thought we'd get the homeless saga
which, I guess we are, just, it's not as innocent
Para 09:45 AM
i cant believe he can even get a boner
for his mom
its an achievement
The Fool 09:51 AM
I still can't process this and it's honestly kind of dumb
like I don't feel like it's genuinely hit me yet
Para 09:53 AM
suffer
[Another meme of Chris and Barb that implies the sex was nonconsensual.]
The Fool 09:54 AM
it really is unreal
Para 09:56 AM
are you going to release info on what bella told us? @Neko
she said chris tied up barb
and all that
bdsm stuff
do you believe that
The Fool 09:57 AM
I think she was making assumptions/paraphrasing, she quoted specifically what chris said after that and she just said that he fucked barb and then later said he had to take her to a back doctor
Para 09:58 AM
yeah but what about
withholding food unless she sucked his dick
The Fool 10:01 AM
we can quote bella but I don't think we should treat that as fact until we like, get more info. I mean I totally believe it, we should just not work on baseless gossip if we're publishing this shit to the cwcki and stuff
Para 10:02 AM
bella seemed stressed
because she didnt realize what she was getting herself into
dumb bitch
The Fool 10:04 AM
I have no idea why she even stayed in that call for 4 hours lol
I legit would have bailed
I wouldn't even have talked to chris I just would have hung up
>hey bella what did you do today
>oh you know just listened to a man talk about raping his mom for four hours, the usual
I tell you man chess players are an extra level of fucked up
Null Cuts Off Chris, The WCT & Chris Discuss Bella
31 July 2021
Anaxis's summary
The Fool shares a Tweet with screenshots of a post by Null on Kiwi Farms, where he talks about Chris taking money out of Barb's account for his own benefit, which was an apparent violation of his EPO, causing Null to finally block Chris. The Fool wonders what will happen next, and I express incredulity over even Null cutting Chris off.
WCT shares more DMs he had with Chris, where they talk about Bella and how Chris was too trusting of her, and Chris lamenting his aunt and uncle turning him away from their home. WCT also reiterates his intention to leak more information if Chris is charged with incest.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
The Fool 10:58 AM
[A tweet that reads "So the Chris Chan thing, turns out he took his mother's money a few hours ago as well.😐" with attached screenshots of Null's post summarizing the situation on Kiwi Farms, and Null's last DMs with Chris before blocking and reporting him.]
well, now it's even worse
also lol I think josh blocked chris
The Fool 11:18 AM
I wonder what kat's gonna do about all this
I'm not so sure I want to talk to chris anymore now either lol
I mean there's entertainment and then there's just, this sick shit
but god I can't believe josh blocked chris
Lainchu (Anaxis) 01:21 PM
If even Josh cut chris off at this point...
The WCT 01:40 PM
[Screenshot of a message from Chris to WCT, summarizing his night in the hotel and speaking about Bella.]
@everyone to anybody wondering: I plan on leaking the information in the event that Chris is charged for the crime that he committed. (edited)
The WCT 03:28 PM
[A tweet by GiBi reading "Re Null: the "50s" age woman Chris told null he was sleeping with was barb. He was loose with the truth so that null didn't get suspicious."]
[Continuation of the conversation between WCT and Chris in DMs, with WCT agreeing with Null's assertion that Chris is too trusting of women and Chris lamenting the situation with his aunt and uncle.]
[Continuation of the same conversation.][footnote 1]
WCT Speaks to Lavenderbonez, Chats Between Bella and Fiona
31 July - 1 August 2021
Anaxis's summary
A member of the Knights server who is also in the CWCki Server manages to acquire the account information of Lavenderbonez, a user who had spoken to Snoo/the Suitress about the leaked incest call, and passes it on to WCT since he was still involved with Chris, stating that Lavenderbonez had claimed there was a 3 hour version of the call (similarly to Bella). WCT states that he would talk to her. Hours later, WCT posts leaked chats between Bella and the Suitress, of the two of them gossiping over the supposed things Barb and Chris did to each other (most of which is unverified). It's implied, though not confirmed, that WCT received these chats from Lavenderbonez.
I ask for opinions on who leaked the call, and WCT states that Lavenderbonez claimed it was Bella. I inquire about Lavenderbonez's relationship to Bella and the Suitress, and she apparently denies any relation to them, making me then question how she has the information she has. Para states that it's because all of the individuals involved are afraid of getting in trouble or getting attention, and don't want credit for their "wrongdoing," pointing out how selective Bella is when it comes to the information she releases. WCT states that he will ask Lavenderbonez about her connection to Bella and the Suitress, but never gets back to us with the answer.
#cwc-general (Second Layer)
NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
31 July 2021
[REDACTED] 09:49 PM
one of the [CWCki Server] users provided me with the @ to the lavenderbonez person
and said she wants to talk and claimed there's a 3 hour clip of the audio
so I took this to Neko since I know he was still around the cwc scene
and here we are
The WCT 10:05 PM
[Replying to "so I took this to Neko since I know he was still around the cwc scene"]
I will talk to her after she's done with her shift. (edited)
[...]
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; no text was provided for refs named sonichuthink
↑ 2.0 2.1 Emote of Magi-Chan's face, with a stern/disgusted expression.
↑ Emote of sweating emoji with a towel on its head.
↑ 4.0 4.1 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; no text was provided for refs named SonichuDizzy
Incest Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Knights of CWC • Halal Server • Burn Book • Chess Club • Chris Chan Conservation Collective
People: Chris • Barbara Chandler • Bella • Fiona • Null • Spooky Bones • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Ethan Ralph • Lavenderbonez • EllDudeRocks • Naught • MKRNightVee • Dillin Thomas
The Games
Chats:
The Affair:
Incest Call
Incest Texts
Lady Friend Discussion
Null DMs
WCT DMs
Pre-Jail Interview with WCT
Regarding Chris chats
Halal Server chats
Affair with Mother
Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
Emergency Protective Order
The Arrest
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight
v • d • e
Knights Chats
The Knights of CWC Discord Chats
By date: June '21 • July '21
By title (first layer): Joining the Knights • Lady Friend Discussion • Bella and Fiona • Triggered by G5
By title (second layer): Bella and Fiona Discussion • Sockness Discussion • G5 Discussion • Incest Drama
Solo Members
Silvia DMs • WCT DMs
Calls
Pre-Jail Interview
See Also
Watchmen Chats
Cite error: <ref> tags exist for a group named "footnote", but no corresponding <references group="footnote"/> tag was found
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Knights_Chats_-_Incest_Drama&oldid=336842"