Title: Larry Vaughn DMs
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Larry_Vaughn_DMs
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Crystalgate
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
This page contains texts between Chris and the troll Larry Vaughn, who also had another persona known as Miss L.
Chris's posts, roleplaying as Sonichu, are in yellow and Vaughn's in green.
Contents
1 Chris and Miss L texts
2 Chris and Larry Vaughn texts
2.1 Contact Info - Phone
2.2 Contact Info - Discord
2.3 Coded Message for Twitter Users
2.4 Coded Message (Albert Fish)
2.5 Birthday Message for Nephew
2.6 Coded Reply from Nephew
2.7 Peanut Butter
2.8 Drachenlord
2.9 Why Chris Wants Hasbro to Continue MLP G4
2.10 Pantheon
2.11 Twitter Tips
2.12 Florida, Disney Vacation Fantasies, Furries, and Breast Sizes
2.13 LAnon Revokes Chris, Chris Mocks Vaughn
3 Frocoshake DMs
4 References
Chris and Miss L texts
The texts run from 2-4 January 2021. Chris posted the texts in The Place.[1]
[Yesterday 11:32 PM]
Hello there Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, or Sonichu. This is Miss L. The assistant to the Grand Master of LAnon. I am texting to confirm on whether you have received the bag that was to be delivered by Alan Quatermane of Nightingale Couriers. It's contents should be 5 pages with people to contact, a bottle of wine, a bag of sweets, and a jar of nectarine preservatives.
If you need anything else, feel free to contact me.
Good evening to you. This is (the original) Sonichu Prime of dimension C-197. I have received the gift bag and the letter. Most unfortunate circumstance; it rained today, thus drenching the letter, but not totally leaving the pages illegible. But I did have to cautiously separate each page from each other, and give them time to dry. Fortunately, I enjoyed a casual outing today that lasted a few hours. I have read the letter after returning home. I do appreciate the effort and symbolism of my having received this today in all else that this brain and I know consciously, subconciously and cosmically. Yet I also remain cautious and weary; the years of hater abuse against us and our Chris Chan continue to remain counted. Also, you say a jar of nectarine preservatives; it was a big ol' jar of kosher dill pickles. Yummy as pickles may be to this body, as opposed to mine that Chris is still presently inhabiting, the past symbolism in relation to the Pickle Memes of the past still warrant a cautionary flag.
Magi-Chan, Chris, the other psychics and our fellow deities generally know who of you are and have seen the infinite number of possibilitlies and determined the likelihood of your intentions in this dimension and timeline; confirmations will determine our views of you all shortly or soon enough.
We are also aware of those very few who may be out for Chris' body's blood for ritual shit; we will not have any of that. Sockness had served his purpose in our research of relatable and respective items, in comparison to others of this dimension, that we can use for our needs in these and future events to make the dimension merge not apocalyptic, or at least keep the casualties very minimal (the deities of Fate and Destiny are a pair who are very difficult to work with, but feasable and cooperative when the ends match our goals).
I can also note that the group uses "Anon" in their name, which also raises a concerning flag as well.
The time is very much limited. We shall ponder over and consider this allyship with you all, and I have saved your number in the contacts; I will contact you again at the number that I have saved tonight later on.
Until then, I say goodnight for now.
[Today 11:47 AM]
Hello Sonichu Prime of Dimension C-197. We are terribly sorry for the inclusion of pickles. We know who that was and will discipline them as we see fit. As for the name LAnon, it is a shortened version of our organizations full, original name, La Anonyme société de la transréalité. This is French, as our organisation began in Paris over 250 years ago, although we can trace our origins and predecessors back millenia. Our title means 'The Anonymous Society of the Transreality', which at the time is what our Founders referred to other worlds and dimensions, other realities. We held a vote within the membership back in 2018 in regards to a shorthand form, before La Société or The Society were acceptable, but this led to some soft leaks within our organisation with other groups that use that terminology, so we decided on LAnon. Many members also decided on this to flip a proverbial finger at the QAnon movement, which has taken over this country like a malignant tumour. As for the blood of a body, we know and only see the body as a vessel for consciousness, the soul, which is where the real power resides. If you choose to continue with us, we will submit to you a letter of your membership soon enough. In the meantime, keep contact with us through this number, and be sure to introduce yourself to the members we presented you two, they might have some knowledge that you can benefit from, and you can most certainly enlighten them with your knowledge.
[Today 7:22 PM]
Hey. Sorry for the update late in the day. A few other members have taken some interest in you, both from the US and some international departments. Here are their Twitters so you can contact them as well.
[CENSORED]
[CENSORED]
[CENSORED]
[CENSORED]
Also, you now have access to our security detail. Get in touch with them at [CENSORED] and [CENSORED]
Gallery
Chris and Larry Vaughn texts
The texts run from 13-22 January 2021. Vaughn leaked them on Kiwi Farms on 11 February 2021.[2]
Contact Info - Phone
13 January 2021
...for you see, she has two phones; one with her old number for the typical and unconfirmed, and this one for those closer to her.
She also has an iPad that receives from both numbers as well, but this phone number is used more frequently.
So, please, do save this number as well.
Alright. So this is the more current number, alright.
Make sure to add those folks on Twitter though.
Chris liked Vaughn's message
Yes!
We're just excited for you to join us is all.
And follow us
And lead you all.
We shall lead you all.
Of course goddess.
So follow those folks, and we'll have some more news for you.
Gallery
Contact Info - Discord
14 January 2021
Hey. I will be making sure we are following each and every one of y'all, and giving each of them a "Hey there" today.
Do you all have a private Discord group set up?
That way, we all can talk in one place, and I can read everyone's responses.
Also, our Discord handle: Sonichu982#9390
We don't really have a private group where we can all meet. We don't have one for historical and security reasons. Like let's say that several of us were to meet in one concentrated place and someone ratted us out, we'd be screwed. Of course, with your protection, you should feel free to open up and make a discord group for us. Just be aware that many members don't use discord.
Ah. I see. That's a shame.
Fortunately, Caden will be making up an exclusive private Discord server soon enough, mainly exclusive to those who purchase the limited edition special Golden Painted Sonichu Medallions we will be offering. The mold of this very medallion will be made next time they and I meet, and so those more accurate medallions will be made soon enough. Caden has great plans on being able to sort out the hater and bad trolls from the genuine in the group as well.
And it will be certain we will send invites to you all as well to join us there.
Alright. Sounds good.
Doing it right now. Also making a list of those who I am unable to initially DM via Twitter, which I will send to you after I've gone through them all.
Alrighty
Gallery
Coded Message for Twitter Users
14 January 2021
Hey. So a few people have messaged me asking about who Miss L is? Just say Mr. Vaughn sent you. Miss L is my mistress, and secretary
Ah. I see.
How are we on doomcock; good, bad or neutral?
Doomcock is neutral-to-good. He is well-meaning.
Cool
vgdunkey, iamreviewbrah, ravenfo
Getting a couple of responses of them not knowing you or what LAnon is.
Screenshot them and send them to me.
There's a delicate balance you gotta play, they might be talking in code.
@zero-mccall and @gillpanda
And @frocoshake
Maybe give me something more recognizable to say as opposed to "Mr. Vaughn" sent me.
Good thing I ended up finding this yesterday at Sheetz and drinking it today, feeling really focused.
Sheetz? Aw man, I love that place. It's like the new England Version of Bucc-ee's.
But yes. As for a more verifiable call sign. This is what you must message them with.
In the darkness of the world, the end of An Age Unknown, the Two Halves of Halva Becometh One. Let the Light Divide the Conquest the Receding Darkly Gloom, the Birds in The aether and the Fish in the Sea rejoice with the Sun Son. King Solomon Bekons Forth to Ophir!
Chris liked Vaughn's message
Okay
Keep the spelling, capitalization, and everything consistent, as it is part of the code.
I see.
One of the three I just mentioned just responded to that with a ".........What?"
Maybe if you checked in with each of them as well.
Let them know I was messaging them and why, then I'd feel less like I was sounding like a fool or idiot.
I am not having doubts, but the confused responses were not what I was expecting.
You see, that reply with a what is a sign that they understood. Tell them that you understand it might be strange seeing a new face like yours around, but you are no less valid than anyone else.
I hate coded messages.
Also, feel free to like and comment on some of their posts.
Word on the street, Vaughn, is that you have a voice similar to Satchmo's, but it is a good thing, because the Bass Is Respected. Feel free to Take Five with some smooth Jazz.
How's that for a direct yet coded message to you?
Did someone send that to you?
No, I thought it up on the spot just now. But Caden did tell me a bit of the phone conversation you and he had
Oh yeah. That is perfect.
The message. Didn't mean to sound passive aggressive about the phone call
So have you received any more messages?
Two more responses; one didn't know you either, and the other went straight to "Hi there. Doing all right. How are you?"
Oh. Who were these two?
Again, I would feel better and appreciate it if you would go down the list of individuals you have who have DM unlocked on their accounts and (re)briefing them about things.
@MimsyMau and @PantheraDraws.
I am now more feeling like I should have discussed this with you further beforehand of contacting everyone.
We could have gone over the code words and responses. "Raw caviar." "Roasted salmon rouge."
Well, you have given them quite a few codewords, and they have begun to discuss it amongst themselves, so just engage them organically.
Okay, back to normal. For now, I can ask them about their experiences in C-197 and any other dimensions they've discovered and projected to.
Yes.
As for Rainer Winkler, his DM was not unlocked, but I left him a comment in German, asking him to DM me.
And about encounters with their characters and other versions of themselves.
Yep.
Can you show me a screen cap where they've talked about this code word exchange amongst themselves, and that I've contacted each of them, please?
I don't have access to their personal DMs.
And it is on Snapchat, where if click out of it it is gone
What? You're not on Twitter, yourself? And how tough is it to make a screen cap of what you are looking at now?
Don't be spoofing me, dude.
Not very hard. But like I said, once I see something on snapchat, it is like gone.
Like an example that I can give you is that justmegabenewell, texted me saying, "The Sunbolt has struck the slug" (they have dubbed you, Sonichu, the Sun Bolt, and they are the slug).
I replied, "So cast it back." Basically, message him back.
"Sun Bolt", huh? That's fun in comparison to the eighth S-Chu Crystal Ball that was uncovered between Chris and I, recently (it is Orange in Colour), and that we presently have a number of pieces of Sunstone.
Talk about clairvoyance
Also, @Boundbun blocked me on Twitter for some reason.
Also, where do you all talk on Snapchat?
We talk individually.
I don't think that you can form snapchat groups. Then again, I am a boomer.
Oh-kay.
Also. Some people said that they haven't received DMs.
Oh, and tell Rogue that you would like to be on one of his livestreams as a sort of goodwill address.
Okay, and these are the individuals I was unable to DM through Twitter today.
vgdunkey, iamreviewbrah, ravenfo.
Alright. You might need to comment on their stuff
Or you could message them on my behalf; let them know to DM me on Twitter.
Gallery
Coded Message (Albert Fish)
15 January 2021
Larry Vaughn tricks Chris into sending a quote from Albert Fish about eating shit to various Twitter users.
[Fri, Jan 15, 10:31 am]
Hello there sir, I'm just messaging you this morning because I have tried to in contact with the three people in question and they have not gone back to me either. I think something might be seriously wrong.
Fine, I can like some posts.
Thank you it means a lot to me and everyone else
Also, how would you feel about hosting a discord talent show?
We'll see. I have the other things going on right now as well.
Oh. Send this to everyone on twitter. It is a ciphered letter detailing a secret meeting.
Tell me when you want to do #2. I will take you over my knees, pull up your clothes, take down your drawers and hold my mouth to your sweet honey fat - ass holes and xxx xxxx xxx Eat your sweet Peanut Butter and as it comes out fresh and hot. That is how they do it in Hollywood. You wont need toilet paper to wipe your sweet pretty fat ass as I shall eat it all xxx xxx xx xxx of it then lick your sweet ass clean with my tongue.
Do you have a version of that ciphered message that is not sexual and is SFW in language?
I am really not wanting to send any messages that, blatantly, go into such dirty detail.
I mean, I write it specifically for the characters to line up in the system so the other side can decode it.
It takes the machine a couple of hours to rewrite it, and this is nowhere near as dirty as what is usually sent!
Okay. I want to make positive that everyone of whom I would be sending such a message out to each all know that I am sending them these type of messages, so they all don't be all like "What the fuck you talking about?" in response.
Especially since this is not how neither Chris or I would ever talk, typically or normal.
They'll know exactly what the message means. The few who replied are just the resident clowns is all. They like to joke around
All right.
Okay, two of them responded with "How do you function?" and "I don't do scat; I just wanted to know what you're taking about."
Yeah, please, no more of these "ciphered" messages.
Gallery
Birthday Message for Nephew
16 January 2021
[Sat, Jan 16, 7:59 am]
All right. That would be the last one. That being said it, my nephew's birthday is today, he's a really big fan of yours.
I was hoping you could send him a simple happy birthday tweet
Okay.
But there is no need for a Tweet.
Christine and Magi-Chan will come visit you all shortly enough, personally.
No address required; we know where you all live.
But he isn't a part of the group because he is one, too young. Also, he wants to brag to his friends about Sonichu mentioning him in a tweet, something that he can show to them.
Don't you worry; Chris knows where your nephew lives.
I don't think you understand. It's not having a birthday party because of covid, the Coronavirus. So unless you have a negative and Christine has a negative test, please just shout out to him on twitter.
Just wish him a happy birthday, and his twitter is @itsazack
Did you send it as a tweet.
Gallery
Coded Reply from Nephew
17 January 2021
[Sun, Jan 17, 12:21 am]
I personally sent him a birthday greeting via private message, and he was very grateful.
He also sent me a message to relay to you in response to that; his words, not mine:
Mama, the telly has gone wonky, and my remote fell into the soup. How am I supposed to watch my xxx xxxxx xx now? I am at a loss for words at the situation, unable to watch the superstation, even on my tech; the wifi went out again. I swear, the cable and Internet people are lame as fuck. My friend came over and wanted to play Call of Duty, but we couldn't even play it offline; my mother tripped the cords and killed the power. I'm about ready to shag up my boy toy for some scat and xx xxx XXX XX XXXX XXXXX xxx. I only learned the best from you. Thanks for the birthday XXXX.
I have gathered from deciphering this message that he wants to meet you and Miss L. for a meeting with the personnel of the German space and time sciences, as they've found a way to traverse without a plane with their portals.
And I have received the LAnon initiation letter; framed it, too; looks great; proud to be one of you all.
I also received a strange voice mail, saying not to let you go back to Germany with the group; they may want to thrust you into outer space through a portal, or something with a blade. Exercise caution, friend.
I gotta see a screenshot of this.
Oh, I also followed you on Twitter.
@LarryVaughn78
[Sun, Jan 17, 12:10 pm]
Hey Sonichu. Are you going to send over the screenshots, and add me as a mutual on Twitter?
Oh, and have you had a chance to enjoy the wine yet?
Hey, Vaughn. I don't have a screen shot, and I am unable to, because like with you and Snapchat, it was gone after I finished and left.
I'm saving the wine for a special occasion.
Did you text me earlier?
Just what I had texted you just before Noon, Eastern time.
Okay. You didn't show up earlier, so I was really confused also what do you mean the message went away on Twitter, DMS are like permanent underwear I thought.
If you didn't send him a birthday message, I'm not going to be upset with you. I have another cousin who actually has a birthday coming up in 2 weeks, so he can just message that one.
Who said I sent it to him through Twitter?
Gallery
Peanut Butter
17 January 2021
? Do you like peanut butter and Nutella?
Because I'll tell you what, I love peanut butter and Nutella on a sandwich.
PB on the bread and jam in the middle.
What about Nutella
Have you had Nutella before?
Nuts cool.
What
Do you have hazelnut allergies?
No
I've had Nutella, but I was being double-entendre.
Gallery
Drachenlord
17-18 January 2021
Because we're doing something else.
It's all good little buddy.
[Mon, Jan 18, 7:41 am]
I also found Drachenlord's contact information
Rainer Winkler Altschauerberg 8 91448 Emskirchen
And his real Twitter
https://mobile.twitter.com/dracheschaut
[Mon, Jan 18, 3:21 pm]
Oh and good afternoon.
Gallery
Why Chris Wants Hasbro to Continue MLP G4
18 January 2021
Because neither Chris nor I have the ability, right or resources to properly chronicle the events in Equestria as they at Hasbro and their staff do. And to do so ourselves, it would mainly be considered a FanFic, and that is not desired for the results we and everyone else needs and wants.
Also, we do not judge an entire country or part of an entire continent unless it is genuinely felt warranted mutually by the other deities and Chris, herself.
Ah okay.
Gallery
Pantheon
18 January 2021
So I must ask, where do demigods fit into this pan-pantheon?
They fit where they respectively do by their respective abilities and fortitude.
Their respective intentions and deeds are also observed and taken into great consideration. But not judged until their respective crucial event, moment or test that would make or break them.
Promotions are earned and granted by the recognition of those above you or equal; they are not typically self-earned nor self-given.
It is earnest when the rank or reward is earned.
What about individual such as the devil and his succubi?
They get dealt with as needed.
Oh...
You're not aligned with him?
That's right, we are not the dark kind.
Oh... Uhmm... A few of our members do commune with him.
Eh, no judge; even the light has to work with the dark or dabble sometimes.
Gallery
Twitter Tips
19 January 2021
[Tue, Jan 19, 1:17 am]
At least your popularity on Twitter is rising; three followers. And the replies; digging a deeper hole for yourself, aren't you?
The attention you'd get would likely increase if you allowed everyone to send you DMs on there, instead of "mutually following" restrictions preventing that influx your way.
Things can only shape up if picking on others was not your forté, nor a fetish to get a rise out of yourself.
[Tue, Jan 19, 9:43 am]
I thought anyone was able to DM me.
[Tue, Jan 19, 11:29 am]
Nope. You don't have that enabled; it's under the Privacy settings.
[Tue, Jan 19, 4:38 pm]
All right. I've enabled private DMs
Cool.
Gallery
Florida, Disney Vacation Fantasies, Furries, and Breast Sizes
20 January 2021
[Wed, Jan 20, 4:41 pm]
Hey, Vaughn, my man.
How's it truckin' with you today?
It's pretty good. Just planning a trip to Florida soon.
Oh, really?
I've heard from the Weather Channel and news sources that Florida is not in the best of shape at present. A bunch of it has been submerged, to say the least. And, of course, a whole lot of water damage from the raging thunderstorms over a number of months or so.
State of Orlando Studios, DisneyWorld, and so on raises a question on how well they respectively fared. But, at least I didn't get lost at sea with a Jack.
Hmm... That is strange. I was just down there with my wife for Christmas and it was pretty nice. Winter is its cooler, drier season. I was the mayor of a Gulf Coast town btw.
So we have heard and seen; lovely little island off of Louisiana.
Well, your choice, regardless. Is the trip for business or pleasure?
[Wed, Jan 20, 8:28 pm]
It is for both. There are some places you visit which are strictly business, like Salt Lake City or Cleveland. Wherever you go in Florida, you're never more than an hour or two away from something exciting to do.
At least, that has been my experience with the state. We're staying at the Hilton Downtown.
You ever been to Florida?
I get to spend the night with one of these cuties
Christine hasn't, but Rosey, the girls and I have. It was one summer in 2011; June. The five of us decided as a family to take a vacay in Orlando, Florida. The psychics foresaw, delegated and determined that it was safe for us to venture south. I asked Magi-Chan if he would teleport our heavier luggage to the hotel we were staying at (a Holiday Inn Meriot type of fancy and swank). The five of us ran there on mach-speed feet; got there within a few minutes from Virginia, no problem. Who worries about car traffic when you're running the yellow lines and around the vehicles that looked paused in the moment to us as we ran by them. Anyway, the weather was nice and pleasant; enjoyed some beach days and swimmin' in the ocean. Good times. Even enjoyed the local cuisine; lots of yummy oranges, seafood, and whatnot.
Yet a twist of fate followed us when we noticed some of Giovanni's Team Rocket grunts were setting up a few scams and wham-blams along the pier. I kept my eye on them, but didn't let it totally ruin our family vacation. But, on the Wednesday, Rosey and I overhear a conversation between a couple of incognito grunts out in the hallway and the room next to us. They said they were getting ready to ship the cargo by cargo jets to Kanto. The suspicious keywords of their cargo were Trainer IDs, Pok dexes, fake, Master Balls, inferior quality, big money, and "while avoiding the feds, we should be sure to smuggle in some Slowpokes."
Slowpokes? Not Slowbros?
I recorded as much of the conversation as I could with the mic of my cell phone. I telepathically called for Magi-Chan, and a few of our ally Sableye were teleported to our location. They went and snooped around the Grunts on our behalf and took some telling pictures.
The tails are not as good after removing the Shellder.
By Friday, and a few hours before their jets could take off, we had the Feds and police on their asses, forcing them to abandon their gig.
There was a Slowbro smuggling operation on Mendicant Island for a few years before I became mayor.
But, aren't all cops bastards?
Cops, not all of them. The Feds, when you have psychic powers on your side, you can get their lazy asses on the case faster than an Electrode rolling down a steep hill.
Team Rocket busting, aside, we enjoyed our week together as a family.
Nice.
On a separate vacay in '13, we spent a few days at DisneyWorld. It was a lot of fun being one of the tourists there. We went on the log venture rides, and so forth. Cera really liked the Pirate attractions; just a bunch of swash-buckling fun and good time for her.
That's really nice. Reminds me of when I took the kids to DisneyWorld back in '06.
Oh. But what do you think of my girl Khloë?
Which one of those Twittermites was she again?
Or are you referring to the image you sent earlier?
Lovely wolf; all I can say. I'm not into oversized breasts.
I mean, if I can also speak in general, and taking Rosey's "C" cups and Chris's "D" cups into account, I feel that is simple and good enough.
It's like they say, "Don't go for it if they're too big for you", or like that song, "These feets too big for the bed."
She was the wolf gal in the Nintendo Switch shirt. Also, I love big feet too.
Well, "No one wears a size 72 shoe", Excel said, but she learned of the very rare instance that one time in the bowling alley.
Oh, she also has a Twitter.
@shiwulf
Another aspect to consider: Don't carry a boulder when you can handle a shard with no sweat.
Idk. I prefer a woman with pillows rather than a prick. But one with both is always a delight.
If you're calling women with "C" and "D" cups a prick, then you're missing an honoring trick.
There is more honor in having a flat or moderate size for a woman than there is with oversized.
Lots of outsiders be like, "What? You had them done some time ago?"
But take Vert, for example; at least they're sizable, but not too large to become offensive to others, initially.
To be honest bigger is better. Like if someone is offended by a well-endowed woman, they have problems.
Also, I was referring to a dick when I meant a prick.
Ah. I see. Well, that's your prerogative and perspective.
Won't argue, because in the longer run, the trivial is not as important.
Alrighty.
Cool
Yeah. Well anyways, my wife just finished helping Khloë into her costume, so now it is fun time. I love it when she calls her 'my husband's boyfriend'.
*girlfriend
[Fri, Jan 22, 5:46 am]
But how is today going for you.
Gallery
LAnon Revokes Chris, Chris Mocks Vaughn
22 January 2021
Dear Sonichu,
I regret to inform you that you are no longer needed for LAnon. Many members have found your past behaviour towards minorities and women to be so problematic that they are nervous to even be around you. Please do not contact any of us in the future under any circumstance.
We no longer want anything to do with you, and all members have been informed to not contact you further.
Oh, really? That is a shame. Hey, no big deal at the moment. You did work alone in all of this by yourself the whole time.
Nah. I had help from a lot of my friends.
Well, I'll be sure to remember the arias we sang, Danny Boy.
If we ever visit Martha's, we'll be sure to ask about you.
Oh, Danny Boy. Oh, Danny Boy. Stop neglecting your wife and childful joys.
I told you before: we are overpowered Psychic types, Chris Chan is a literal Goddess with deity allies, and we have inside peeps in both Universes.
Believe
Yeah. I believe the Aztecs invented cell phones, and middle School.
The pipes are calling for you in Nevada. Can you survive 25.5 ounces in one sitting, or are you not tough enough?
What is that supposed to mean?
I'm going to report you to the cyberbullying police if you don't stop being mean to me
And don't call my boss, I really need this job at chipotle. It's my only chance at a future!
And please don't leave like this chat log, I will never get into law school like this.
Hakuna Matata, Dude. I am done with you, here. I allow Fate to see you through from this point onward. I warn you, though: the misdeeds done shifted the karma upon you more into the red. And I offer one last bit of sound advice:
Count your blessings and Believe.
Gallery
Frocoshake DMs
14 January 2021
This was a chat that Chris had with Frocoshake after Larry had directed him to them.
Gallery
References
↑ The Vaughn Interlude
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Larry Vaughn)#Leaking DMs
Crystalgate Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Praetor
People: Chris • The Toxic Trio (Naught • MKRNightVee • Kyle) • Praetor Members (Caden Peck • Annabel Ikenberry • Owen Sundstrom • Cabell O'Malley) • Bella • KND • Bible Enabler • The WCT • Anaxis • GiBi • Larry Vaughn • Val • Spunky • Peachy • Klop • Molly the Medium • Justin • Luke • Emgo316
The Games
The Watchmen meet Praetor:
The Disc Dream:
Bella's Introduction:
Crystalgate:
Confrontation:
Aftermath:
The "New Associates"
Justin DMs
Praetor Revealed
Lore Bible
Bible Enabler DMs
Bible Poll
Pennsylvania Trip
Lore Mashup
Praetor Arrives
Goochland Library Sermon
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
"The Avatar State"
"Info Dump"
Taser
Gate Crystal
Piezoelectric Crystal DMs
Taser Discussion
Watchmen-Praetor Confrontations
Plans to dismantle Praetor
Lonely Feelings
MKR Rage Quit
Golden Church of Sonichu
Full Taser Discussion
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Lainchu, Twilight
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Larry_Vaughn_DMs&oldid=332617"