Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Combiner_Mode_Excelina
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel on 29 August 2025. This video is a part of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Raw captions
1.3 Transcript
Video
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
29 August 2025
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Decepticlone Punislav... yay
next Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime
Description
Review of the (Combiner Mode) Excelina figure of Transformers Legacy United Merged.
Bio on box typed on Cwclight:
[Link to Transformers bios]
Playlist for Transformers Legacy United Merged figures:
[Link to playlist]
Past Ideas Reemerging movie playlist:
[Link to playlist]
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
I can't tell whether she's more
excellent this way or as an individual.
Well, whether she's a group or an
individual, she's still excellent as she
is. Yeah, you're
right. Hey, what's up everybody on
YouTube? Jesus Christ Prime here once
again and today we're going to be
looking at the next figure in
Transformers that you can see that merge
combiner mode at Selena. So essentially
between at least two of the Autobots
whether it be Selena or Chris Chan Prime
they both have their normal default mode
which you see in the original figures or
they actually can alternate into their
combined mode when needed to help out
Metatron or any other Autobot combiner
team. But that's just the uh short
version of that. But anyway, here we
are. And there she is. And first and
foremost, as always, we'll take a quick
look at the packaging. So, right out
front here, we got a lovely picture of
her motorcycle boat. I think somebody
forgot to put in some grays there or
they might not have hit when or they
might not be recognized. Anyway, so
there's a slight bit of miscoloration on
this uh bots are supposed to figure well
that's happened before if you take to
account uh uh certain guardians or
renegades or other decept toys in the
past. Anyway, so one color the other
prototype yada yada yada ah transformers
legacy. She is a let's class classic
class to let's say to let's class it
classic to loo. Ah here we are combiner
mode at Selena transfer bus on this side
of the box. You got the artwork of
Selena. I knocked her
over. Okay that happened anyway. So yeah
nice little variation of her uh of her
robot mode boat as opposed to
uh as opposed to her regular as opposed
to regular boat. Anyway, anyway, uh
Etselia is Cyber Trronian. And on the
other side of the box, you got half of
the lovely poster
artwork and uh there is the top, there
is the bottom, the verses barcodes, and
uh on the back of the box, you got
obligatory brushes, this that the other.
She could become an arm, a leg for
Medatron to take place of one that is
absent. And a lovely little bio if you'd
like to read that. shorter than the
original bio, but this will also be on
the quick light. But that's basically it
for the
packaging. Moving right along though.
So, here we have Selena in her combiner
mode as opposed to original mode. And in
her motorcycle mode, yeah, she
definitely has uh got the uh move got
the grooves going on and everything. I
leave that kickstand down. I was think
this. But anyway, let's get in closer.
Look at the uh details. So, you got some
transparent uh window and viewing,
especially to see the uh silver on the
inside and the top front. And there's
one side of the vehicle complete with
the kickstand. Lots of uh pinks, some
some reds, some grays, and a little bit
to hit the orange around. And there's
the uh back of the bike, which is the
sos of her feet. And uh there is the
top. There is the bottom. And she does
have visible head syndrome. Hey. How you
doing? I'm not just delivering pizza as
you
know. Anyway, so that side. So she does
roll as they should. Hooray for rolling,
falling, biking things and all that.
Yes. And now for comparison, we'll get
the usuals out of the way first. So,
here she is with uh
CC82 going on right
there
with Christian
Prime. Don't you just love it when the
bike is bigger than the
car
with
Optimus? Or how about when the bike is
as big as a truck?
with
Sonu didn't say that
last. And here she is alongside the rest
of the quickfill autobio team wave
armorat roll out chaper and fire
shot. And here she is comparison with
the uh GI Makoto's Decepticon Kabire
team and the first which of course
includes the Punlabs, the SAVs and the
Correctors. And then now for the last
two clear obvious comparisons. So we'll
start off with our special guest, the
Mold Mate. So here she is with Combiner
Wars
Groove. Couple of motorcycles just
driving down the
highway. And of course
with
herself I mean at least she gets a
little bit bigger in her vehicle mode
comparison but
anyway there you
go. Any So she does come with a couple
of accessories. So, she gets the uh
lovely little blade pieces once again
like she did in the original figure
except uh yeah, these are just uh all
transar blue plastic with the uh bolding
and that there's just no paint on them
for some reason. Oh well. Anyway, you
can connect the uh two once again to
make a full
disc and uh yes. So on the on the uh
figure itself, you got uh a five mil
rear port right there, and you have uh
ports on either side of the rear tire.
So obviously, what is a good thing to do
is just uh pop these in the sides right
there, and she could be slashing jerk
cop tires along the
way. Fee. Yay.
And then she also has her little
combiner limb. Uh, which you know, same
as the ones I give with the she gets the
one with the claw. And of course, you
know, we can flip that out to make the
fingers. It's the same. You can got
these. I make the thumb the thumb to go
either way. You know what? You know how
it goes. Just
umoop. It's the right hand and then
the it's the left hand. Yep. So anyway,
you know how it you all know how it goes
by now. But yeah, you can definitely
store this in the vehicle mode. You got
a couple options actually. You can slide
the tab the post down that way. Oh, and
she has this port right here. So, yep,
you can pop it on top. Leave it right
there. That's decent. That's decent. Or
if you if you wanted to or if you use
the uh
booster type of hand, you can uh anyway,
you can pop it back here.
Oh, and also as the uh with the usual
these combin mode hands, you got the
little thing right here. You can just uh
pop out move. You can store your Titan
master prime prime master in there. But
yeah, just um well, she got blades and
she got clog right behind her
back, but not so much zoom because
that's not booster. It's more like an
attack power up.
Okay, so that's pretty much it for the
vehicle mode. Let's get down to
transformation, shall we? Let's Yep, we
knew that was going to happen. All
right, so go into combine mode first.
Once again, the kickstand is up. All
right, so first off, we're going to take
this piece right here. Turn that, lift
it up, and then rotate it downward. Just
leave that right there for now. Yeah,
these stay up here. Oh, there's like
tabs and slots. Apparently, I did not
discon I did not connect them right when
I transformed this into vehicle mode for
this video. Anyway, so the arms you're
going to want to take them, rotate, pull
them down here at this thing. There's a
tab right here. That's got to go into
this slot right there. So, we're going
to rotate that at the bicep and this
goes all the way down. It connects right
there. And same thing on the other
side. Rotate.
Yep. And then Yeah. Yeah. Rest the way.
And then of course push the head. Now
actually helps if you pull this forward.
Gives you clearance. You push the head
back. Get the combiner peg
up. And there you go. Now is a leg. And
she definitely could kick ass like this.
Kick. Kick.
Yes. All right. Now R mode. So combiner
look them like that as you could
probably get figure. We'll lift the uh
arms up and we'll just go ahead do this.
So you want to rotate him this way where
the elbow is facing that way and
just leave them like that for right
now. And then might want to lift this up
for this. So lift this up and
uh pull and pull the legs down
stretching them out. And um you want to
go ahead
and well no actually you could leave the
tires the wheel the back tires as they
are that's yeah anyway do that. So just
there's a tab slot connection tab slot
yeah get that in there and make sure I
got this right. This goes all the way
down
here.
Yeah because sworn there was like a
there's an attempt. Oh well. Anyway, so
then you rotate and there you go. Now
she is an arm. Unlike armarats, you got
to hand it to her. There you go. And of
course, you can have it this way. You
know, either way, become a right arm or
a left arm. And you got your optional
full range of move it here or of course
just the 90 degree bend. But pretty much
it. So, let's go down to robot mode.
Feet forward. and pop this out so we can
get the head out. Combiner peg down.
Close that back up. Split the legs. Get
the arms down. Rotate them
forward.
And yeah, there you go. There you have
combiner mode. That's Selena in her
robot mode. And I'd say compared to her
original to her actual form, it's
actually decent a fair representation in
comparison. Look at that. That we do a
sideby-side
comparison. Oh, I forgot to do this. You
got to flip these tires in in robot
mode. So, they are in that way in robot
mode. So, yeah, there you go. That's the
forfeit robot mode. But let's get a
closer look at the uh details. So, kind
of a rather simplistic version of her
head bow, but at least it's like she got
her mouth plate, her mouth guard up, and
she could put her visor on. So, she's
just ready to uh scan the Decepticons
and clones. All about symbol front and
center on the yellow triangle and the
and the blues, pinks, reds, grays, and
uh hints of orange all around going down
the body and the more detail as well.
and uh going up the back. Big old front,
big old backpack. That's the front of
the motorcycle, but it
works. But yeah, now articulation wise,
what we got? I'm going to tell you. So,
this ball is all jointed. All joined.
You got your wiggly wiggly waggly wiggly
waggly. Um can't look down. Now, let's
use that
trint. She could do a to squirrel like
that if you wanted to. Um, she could
look down some. Okay, there you go. She
looked down and be like, "What the heck
is that?" And then head can rotate, do a
full 360. Arms can rotate, do a full
360, and they can move in and out. And
well, getting really down if you use
that transformation joint. You got bicep
rotation and um 90 degrees of bend at
the elbow. Uh, nothing at the wrist or
hand. You have waist rotation.
legs can move forward that far
and back all that far and then outward.
She could do the full splits. You have
thigh
rotation slightly under 90° or bend at
the knee or maybe it is. And uh just
nothing at the
feet. Now we'll run through the
accessories uh once again. Now, with
these with these, of
course, pop mainly would pop in her
hands. Um, you could probably utilize
this, but mainly if you were to combine
these into one one thing, and they could
just slip right there. But this you got
to have this upward for that. So, that's
a bit of a stretch. But yeah, you uh you
can definitely uh do it do these blades
overhand or underhand. Definitely the
case with that one. But if you try to do
it underhand on this one, this that
kickstand gets in the way. So probably a
bit of an angle there, but at least you
can get that. And you can definitely do
it on top
here. So on that,
yes, she can be all run fast and uh hack
hack slash all the way and just hack
slash some Decepticon booty and bots.
But yeah, of course, uh these uh
Dukeabby make the uh one disc, so she
could hold that and kind of make like an
impromptu shield. But then of course,
you also have this which uh can be used
as a blade type of weapon or a mock gun.
So yeah, there you go. You can kind of
get
the slash bash bash slash bash bash
maybe a pew pew if you want to and all
that good stuff right there.
Yeah, let's just show it off real quick.
Yeah, that up. Pop this back
here. There you go. That's
decent deja
vu. And now for
comparison. Here she is with
CC82
with Christian
Prime
with
Sonu
with
Optimus. Definitely a height difference.
And here she is at a dynamic group shop
with the quick field combiner team. Look
like they're ready to take out some
Decepticones and
cons. And here she is alongside the
comparison with the Decepticones and the
first Punish Labs SAVs and
Cracktors. And of course, here she is
with Mr.
Groove. And last but not leastly, here
she is
with
herself. And there's definitely a bit of
a height difference, but still, you know
what? It doesn't matter if she's tall or
small, she's still awesome as she is,
but she definitely has more flexibility
in her original mode as opposed to her
combiner mode. So, there you
go. And here we show off on Medatron how
Selena looks in our mode. And then also
in leg mode which once again get all the
fun things you can do in scrabble
seating this type of
combiner. All right. So yeah this is
combiner mode at Selena and yeah
actually quite the uh decent little
figure you know for work like you know
not as uh detailed or you know in
comparison to original original mode but
at least you know gets the job done.
She's a combiner, so she'll for she'll
work with the med she'll work alongside
the others when combining Medatron when
nobody else is there or they're just
absent. And at least, you know, she's
able to work in cooperation as opposed
to alone out night and wonder and just
slashing or just punching. She's got
really good strength and ninja skills
all about her either way. But of course,
you know, as it is with the combiner
bots and everything, they still got
pretty good play value, especially when
you can scramble city and everything.
But yeah, anyway, so I picked up confirm
mode from Target. These are popping up
in your Walmarts, your Targets, your Big
Bad Toy Store, Entertainment Earth,
Amazon, all over the place. So, yep.
Just so you can find for yourself and
anything and just some links to Big Bad
Toy Store and so forth. I'll put a link
in the description down below as well as
to my socials between my Boo Sky and uh
Quicklight down below in description.
And I think that's pretty much it. So
yeah, don't just don't forget to like
and subscribe to this video to my
channel and everything. See whatever uh
thing I come up with on divine and good
timing. It's just it's uh as good as it
gets.
Anyway, but here you go. This is uh
Transformers Legacy Diverge Combiner
Mode. That's Selena. And this is Jesus
Christ saying remember you don't stop
playing because you grow it. You grow it
because you stop playing. Be geek be
proud.
15 minutes later after the after
Christian blime on you contacted Optimus
and Okay, good. Looks like a bit in the
clear. There are no Decepticons right
here, but I have searched where they are
nearby. But I anticipate all around this
volcano outside for the cave.
Essentially, we're surrounded by
Decepticons and Decepticones. So, we got
to watch our back. It's going to take a
little while for everybody to uh get
here. I mean, Le One should be on its
way here, as well as the Aerial Bots and
Wave. All right, so guys, here's the
plan. All right, fire
shot. Yes, Chris. All right, so here's
the plan. We're going to just
essentially lay low. We're going to
scout and we're going to make sure that
everything is clear. We report, we're
going to report to the others along the
way. And uh so far shot, you'll get the
distraction. You'll you'll fire off one
of your missiles. Make sure it shoots
off in a distance. Explodes without with
a silencer on your cannon.
And meanwhile, Etsilia and I will go
zoom around the mountain in the caves
and uh we'll set a few covert explosions
to give us some cavis on the inside
disrupt their anaton b mining and right
down here about get here. We should be
good to go and make and for the backup
we'll we'll form metatron metatron when
pcractor v comes around. Here Chris,
this is chopper. Go ahead chopper. We're
here right here listening. Wave the
Aerobots tonight and I were making our
way to the volcano island. Considering
our very fast box beef, we should be
there in a few minutes. Probably about
10 or so. Yeah, don't worry. We'll be
there shortly. And then we'll be able to
take out all those decepticones. And if
Ber Bay is good, we'll give them a beat
down. Yeah. No
problem. We'll be there faster than you
can sink a seeker into the ocean and
make him cry. Uncle.
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Decepticlone Punislav... yay
Chris's videos
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Combiner_Mode_Excelina&oldid=353342"