Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - (Renegade) Focus
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_(Renegade)_Focus
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - (Renegade) Focus is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel on 19 September 2025. This video is a part of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Raw captions
1.3 Transcript
Video
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - (Renegade) Focus
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
19 September 2025
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous OG Sonichu Medallion Upgraded, Rebirthed and Redeemed
next Punicrackder-V Review Original Ending
Description
Review of the (Renegade) Focus (Robo) figure of Transformers Legacy United Merged.
Bio on box typed on Cwclight:
[Link to Transformers bios]
Referenced: TRANSFORMERS: THE BASICS on XAARON
[Link to TRANSFORMERS: THE BASICS on XAARON YouTube video]
Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video
[Link to Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video]
Playlist for Transformers Legacy United Merged figures:
[Link to playlist]
Past Ideas Reemerging movie playlist:
[Link to playlist]
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
To Be Continued song generated by suno.com (AI Generated Music).
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
Ah, well, I guess it's time to finally get mentally, spiritually, physically,
metaphysically, and everything in focus.
Mighty robots, mighty vehicles, and beasts. They know how to fight for millennia in the east.
Cybertron. [Music] Hey everybody. Jesus Christi Prime here
once again after a little bit of a break. But yeah, today we're going to be reviewing the first of the Renegades
this line. Gobots Universe Renegade Focus.
So, here we are. And there he is. And first and foremost, as always, let's take a quick look at the packaging. So,
but front here we got a lovely little art of focus in both his uh spaceship
mode and uh basic camera mode boat can hardly see the little uh thing the
little lens right there but it's there. There you guys. Anyway, Transformers
Serge is a delus class classic
transformers. Gobots universe renegade focus in focus on the renegade symbol.
On this side of the box, you got the simplistic. I knocked them over. I knocked the camera over. So now he's
taking a picture of the ceiling. That's funny. Anyway, so here is Focus. And uh there's his name in cyber writing right
there. just uh put a lot of black red just uh
your the warrior. And on the side of the box, you got half the lovely poster art.
On the bottom, you got where things barcodes and on the back of the box you have your obligatory brushes, this this
that the other. And you have your lovely little bio if you want to read that. And
I just can't tell you this, that's and the other. It really gets it focused. But that's basically it for the
packaging. And kind of just to go off topic just for a moment because I kind feel like I
want to talk about this just for a little bit. Just for a little bit. So I
I I do read sometimes the complaints between the Reddit. I hardly ever go on
the quickie anymore, but I am I'm very aware that a lot of you Scooby-Doo
detectives are on there, so just stop it. But anyway, just based on just aside from that, the commentary. Oh, well the
Transformers videos, reviews videos, you know, they're so boring. You're so bad talking about Chris Shadows playing with
the Transformers. Well, you know what? How many other people are on the YouTube doing the same
thing inclus
reviewing them and we're having a good fun time. I'm having a good time as well. It's like I've been a fan of the
Transformer Homers, the Cybertrons, and even the Govatronians for a long time. So therefore, I wanted to do this. This
is my thing. It's a love passion project. And in case it wasn't apparent that this was a parody, I might just
make that public again in a re-upload. But let's have a peek at the first intro
when I did the first of these videos years ago. Roll that little clip.
No. So, to answer that frequently asked
question, yes, parody of MGO. But you know what? I like MGO. I like these people because you know what? We're
geeks. We're nerds and we're proud. We do what we do. It's all good and daddy. If you don't like it, well,
I feel sorry for you guys because it's a saying you're hating upon yourselves just being a nerd. I feel
like so that's aside from being just a closet
Okaou or something. But I mean, shoot, I was there before once upon a time myself. So yeah, do not judge. It's not
good to judge others for things that you are yourself. Okay.
All right, and with that little rant out of the way, here is this lovely little focus Robo in the basic micro camera
mode. He's just a little cute and basic in there. So, let's get a close look at the details. You got all these lovely
little sticker details that just pretty much replicate the original Focus Ro. Pretty damn good. Oh, look at that.
Speaking of focus, well, we had there for a second, but anyway, there you go. Yeah, just look at the details on the
details. There's the top of the camera. There's the bottom. There's one side.
There's the other. And oh yeah, there's the back. Yep. You know what? I'm just
going to do this for just a moment anyway because normally you're supposed to have that head rotated, but hey, back
of that back of the box. Back of the camera. There you go. Visible upside down head.
Hey, how you doing? There you go. Anyway, just a fun little thing. Just a fun little thing. All right.
But yep, basic low camera mode. And here is focus with the other with
some of the other camera bots and their mini camera modes between the scrap face, the refractor, and spy glass.
Now, this little guy does come with a couple of accessories that we'll get into in just a moment. But first, let's get down to the transformation, shall
we? What? even get a little bit of a continued spin in the micro camera mode,
which that's pretty fun. Okay, so this little toe is up. So, we'll just go ahead pull that down because we're going
to need to do that. And we just put these down here. We got to pull them
forward down like that. Same thing on the other side. Just doing this. This is not just a fan. This is the in the
instructions anyway. So, we want to make sure the waist is rotated 180 here. And these are
straightened out. You have these little tabs right there. They're going to go into these slots right there. So, you
just want to rotate this and rotate that 180. And so, this will go in and plug
into that. Same thing on the other side. Boop.
Little thooping point for the little arms there.
And we'll get to this bit in a little while because I'm sure you've seen some of you have seen this mold before and
it's a very good mold. Anyway, so take these little landing gears. Then fold
them up and we rotate these so that the insides of legs are facing each other.
We'll clip those together. We'll take this little length piece and take part.
What? Parts for parts for me. It's all right. It's all right. It goes right there. Goes right
there. However you want to rotate that. Now, we're going to bring in the accessories. So, we got these two lovely
little parts right here. And we got to pull we got to pull this
out to tie them back on this copy. And then we rotate this out. And these little
these two little tabs right there got to go these two little slots right there. So, there's that.
And we're going to take this little pop gun here and that goes into this hole
right here as opposed to that hole. So that Oh, wait. It's the other way. It
goes this way. So I follow the instructions on this. The instructions in the picture. A little squeaky of
security. Put that together. Oh, normally when I did that, I have to like wiggle it in.
But look at that. We got that. And then this a little bit right here. This that
little piece of peg goes in that 5 port, 5 mm port. And
now make sure you got everything nice and secure in connections. And there you go. You have Mr. Focus in
his in his spaceship mode.
spin. You can give or take whatever. But anyway, there he is in his little spaceship boat. And well,
that's a little spaceship. All right, but let's get in closer. Look at those details. So, you got the details on this
little gun part right here. Random hair not included.
Details right there going on. All dipped out in silver. Got your sticker detail
going on there. And on top,
you rarely see this in a review video, but there's a renegade symbol here.
And then you got your little type edged in details on this, which is going to be
uh another feature we'll talk about later. Just that little back piece. And then down the side
right there. Oh, that was a very clear image of the Renegade Simple. And then yeah, there's just the back of it. Yeah,
there is the top. There is the bottom. And well, it does
slide and roll. It has sliding rolling spaceships like two.
Yes. And now for comparison. Here is this little focus with
son right there. And we'll do this as well. Just bring
them open. Here it is with a pair of primes
Christian and Optabus.
Save a little time and money in your car and shirts with
Mega and Mot Megatron and Makota
and with Cracktor the first and Decepticone Crafter cuz they all fly
with Crasher.
is bug bite.
And now here's focus with some of his other fellow camera bots in their ship mode between a scrap face refractor and
spectro. And here he is with a rarely seen
yellow tank that goes by the name Emerlet Zon.
All right. So, let's get down to transformation once again, shall we? Let's encore spin. That was a bit
better. All right. So, need to take this off.
It's a bit tight to There we go. All right. Take this off just for a moment.
And yeah, I bet we can have a bit time just
There we go. easier. Okay. So, from this zippers, we will go ahead and fold the
toes out. We'll disconnect this and the legs. Flip this in. And rotate that up.
We'll split the legs. Rotate them this way. And we'll flip these banded gears
in. Now we'll come back here and we'll cuff the arms off the butt like so. And we
take the rotate the back towards the front. We take this and rotate it so the
elbow is facing in and then pull the hand out. Same thing on the other side.
My dear fingernail sometimes, but there you go. That's that thing. And then we rotate at the waist 180 to keep that
going. And yep, we'll pull the head up. Make a face forward and complete the
picture with the little lens that's on the belly. We'll get these out of the way. We'll
come back to those in a little bit. But yeah, there you go. There is Mr. Focus
Robo in his robot mode. And like other certain camera bots that
uh are along the lines, this thing is is quite the good little figure and it's
just very very good looking. So let's get close here. And uh look at the details. Eyes up there, eyes up there.
Decent little head, lovely little head sculpt. It's a bit of a dome head, but it works. And the rip the eyes got
lovely little detail there. That's just basically like focus robo renegade symbol front and center front and center
and yep going down the line. See the legs and lovely little texture right
there on the on the shins. The red and yellow stickers
love sticker detail that go on the back. Simple as it gets, but it's still very
very good. Yep. Now, what have we got for articulation?
Well, I'm going to tell you. So, his head can rotate, do full 160. It's on a
little bit of a ball joint. You got your wiggly waggly. Um, can down a little, a
very little bit, but with that transformation joint, you get to squirrel squirrel dead.
And, uh, arms on that shoulder can they can move in and out. That transformation joint. And yeah, shoulder joint go
there. You have bicep rotation and with the uh arm you have full range ar elbow
movement right there and no wrist rotation but the uh hands can move
up and down if you need them to. And you have waist rotation.
I do this but yeah legs move forward that far and back that far outward. Yep.
can do the full splits. No problem. You have thigh rotation and well, you get 90
degrees of knee movement. And uh feet cannot move up, but the toes can move down. And you have all kinds of tiltage.
Okay. So, let's run through that lovely little pair of accessories now. So, got
the little got this gun here. You see the on the ship boat, all the detail and everything. And you got this right here.
It's essentially a shield. A little bit of a silver right there. Lots of more
detail. There's the uh backside for you. And of course uh he
can wield the shield and he can wield his gun cuz he's just a
uh soldier. And yeah, he can P bag
shield bash and all that good stuff right there. But then yes, that love this lovely little gun is Bruce
comparable. Yes, that is connectet. That is absolutely 100% connectet. So, yep,
we're going to take that head as good as we can with the elbow joint here. There we go. And now we're going to have a
lovely focus renegaden brush.
Too much bush add a good fair amount of focus.
And yes, he has ports in the bottom of his on the bottoms of his feet and on his shoulders, those forearms. So you
can take your weaponizers and loos it up to your heart's content.
And now for parallel. We'll get these two out of the way. So here is focus
robot with sonu bit more.
There you go. with
Christian Prime and with another Prime who is an Optimus. His
name was Optimus.
And here is this Focus rubber with Gwen Makoto and
the bigs. The bags. Come on, Master. Where's the psycho?
Where is the psycho and the cop door?
And here he is with Cracktor first
and Decepticone Cracktor. [Music]
And here he is with his fellow Renegades Crasher and Bug Bite. And yeah, but I
definitely need the weaponizer kicks to actually stand up to even deluxe class height. He got really the short end of
the stick with that one.
And here is Focus leading the refractor, the scrap face, spectral viewfinder, and
spy glass into a battle as like a bunch of pawns would go into battle.
Here he is with book legend Ember Zaron
right there. If you don't know who he is, bey has got you covered on the basics.
And this one will do as well, but we'll kind of like just splice this in. So, but here he is with the original Focus
Robo because it's precious. So precious and I don't own a copy of
this oldfashioned figure. brushes. So, there you go.
But wait, there is more. Because if it was not obvious in the back of the box,
I mean, yep, you got one little standalone micro camera here. But how about if you want the bigger full-on
camera? That's where they make you buy multiples. As it wasn't clear in the music video, yep, we have more than one
right here. We have more than one bit of focus. And the top part, yeah, needle
lens, the lens, the mini lens, you can just put that in this little port right here on the button. It's all good. But,
uh, but yeah, at least you got that storage towel. Oh, storage. I forgot to
mention storage. So, yeah, you can put your weapons here on the ports on the arms or shoulders. You got that going
on. And of course, you have mil ports on the feet. So, yeah. But yeah, you get
three of these. You can make the big old camera. So, let's get down to showing that off.
Sip these two right here. I'll transform this one for you. So, we lay this up
front. Now, we're going to rotate the head 180. And they're going to rotate
that back. And we flip the hands in. Flip both
hands in. And then we rotate this. We rotate the
arm a little bit outward. and just kind of get them uh here like so. And same
thing on the other side. Just rotate that port in the back. Flip that up. And then flip it up like so. So they're
about like that. We're going to rotate the waist 180.
And we're going to rotate the legs. So they're facing like this. Clip them
together. And pull these out. And then we get both of these up here. Make sure
both these go to these these forearms. Go into the gaps right here nice and
secure. You may need to just do a little work, but it's definitely doable. It can
be done. And there you go. You essentially have a box. It's a box. So,
going to go off screen transform these other two. So, we'll be right back. Follow this short little bit. Nothing.
And we're back. Got both transformed the little boxes. Yep. So, you know, you take I took the little thing from this
one. I put it up top here and this one because we're going to take the other one and we're putting it on the other
side of this one cuz this one's going in the center. And well, what we're doing
is we're putting these three boxes together. They rotate this way. So, you got this little
plug right here. It's going to go into the slot right there. And port plug slot
plug slot. And they just all combine and connect together nice and firmly. And same thing on the
flip side. Get that going on.
And you have put these feet up to make it flash. And you basically have this
camera. But there's four to be done because we got to use all these all these. Three of each. You
take one, you cut these out. Each one got a tab and there's a slot and connect
them together. Take these three.
And these will this slot these little tabs will go into each of these three
slots right here on the on the piece.
And there you have the tripod. And then we're going to form the lens
with these. So I have I use repo labels. And then we
got decals. Got these lovely little accurate decals to help make it a bit easier.
And then obviously we just clip these together. We have uh this tab right here
that goes over that other tab right there. This tab that go slot there. Doing that with this last one as you can
see. Pop that in. And you have these two slots right there. I'm going to bring it
closer. And you got all these tabs. And just however you want to rotate this
camera to set the dial. Put that in. Oh, and also I like putting
these up. So you got the center of the camera. But yeah, there you go. Smile. You're on focus camera. Every single one
of you. Yep. There he is. Focus Robo or trio of them in their full on big camera
mode. And doesn't that look just fantastic just as pretty much as you can tell. So,
let's get closer. Look at the details. Smile. You're on camera again.
Yep. You got a little flash right there. There's upgrade kits available if you want to give it a bear flash and the thing in the middle and like a little
even this little optional thing goes in the front like one of the the reflectors
viewfinder spy glass. That's the trio of individuals as opposed to a trio or reflector or trio of scrap faces. Yeah.
Yep. There's all this fluffy little camera goodness going on right here all around. Let's get that out of here.
Let's do this. All this detail going on. And well,
there you go. Now you can see the through this viewfinder here. I say that with air quotes. Yep. Camera. There is
the top. And there is the bottom without the tripod. It slides like cameras tend
to slide. All right. We're sliding. Gliding tripoding
picture. We'll be taking cameras
and of course what else are we gonna compare focus in the full big camera
mode with but then with all the other camera and I can hear the photographer
and the audience amongst you say well you can never have too many cameras now
that's really in focus and here's a little spliced up compar
comparison between the camera modes between this Focus Robo and the OG Focus
Robo because it's precious. Also classic but precious.
So there you go. And just for as a fun little bonus, how about a whole long
conga line of them put together? Huh? Look at that.
So much fun. Hey, MGO and other reviewers, do you
actually have enough of these to make a long line of spitting goodness?
Well, there you go. My man's spin and I win. So, yeah, there you have it. This
is a good old renegade focus. And uh yeah, quite the fun figure or figures if
you get bored of one to uh make up the uh full camera, but just funosability.
It just uh I'm a fan of this mold and it works. Just works all around. And hey,
it's one obscure gobot that end up making it into the mainline Transformers
Hall of Fame. And there's more to come when they bring in later Ron Psycho and the rest of the group. I still like
Scooter. Hey, I believe Mirage be proud of him and his hologram techniques. Anyway, so
aside for that, just yeah, fun figure.
But yeah, there you go. Now, I got this from Big Bad Toy Store. I'll put like their website in the description down
below. And of course, if you missed any of the reviews for this line, I'll put the link in the description down below.
And uh yeah, I think that's uh pretty much it as we uh take a look from behind
the camera and uh move on up a little bit. But yeah, that is the Transformers
Legacy Diverge Renegade Focus.
And this is Jesus Christ Prime saying remember you don't stop playing because you grow old. You grow up because you
stop playing. Pick be proud. F.
All right. Well, I'm glad we could get these details about Makoto's portal and space bridge. Yeah, especially since we
need to take that down as soon as possible so that Makoto cannot do any damage to our timeline. Right, you are
Sonu. Okay, everybody. So, essentially, we need to go in and destroy that space
bridge. I've scanned the entirety of Makoto's base. And I do believe that the
best entrances would be to the south and the west because they're closest to mountain ranges and forest. So we could
sneak in. Are you sure about that, Chris? Considering the amount of decepts
all around the building, whether we go north, south, east, west, or above, maybe even underground. Su is right. And
even from my scans of the facility and of the safe bridge there in progress, it's still quite a fortitude. Even if
it's just Nevada car factory and I have seen worse car factories facilities within the fifth layer below goatron
perhaps so Torque but between you and the secret raiders I'm certain we are able to achieve success in making sure
that Makoto does not mess with our timeline at all whatsoever and based on what we experience and see we know very
well than to let anything leak through those more subtle cracks when it comes to GB Makakota
I am very privy to all your spying tricks, Makoto. And of course, that goes the same to you, Focus Robo. I have not
broken so many fourth walls just to end up being ignorant of the cameras that
come around me and everybody else, even above the other Christians and Christ shout out the multiverse. And this is
definitely a statement to every single shutter bug that goes in these Bigfoot huts that should no longer be happening
whatsoever because enough is enough.
Every focus robot retreat back to base. There's so happened since you see what
she did to scrap face. Probably hard. Don't let those gadgets get away. Come back here. You Torque. No, don't go
after them. But why Prime? There's no telling what information those bunch of focus robos got from us. Rather our damn
base or for what they recorded just now. Yes, of course, Torque. But at least they don't know the extent of how we are
going to invade their base. All they managed to get out of us is just our attention on infiltrating their base,
destroying the space bridge. And there was just no doubt in my mind whatsoever that Dakota would be inspecting us. So
at this point, we just But all they got was a false lead. They think we're going to enter from the south and the west.
Well, we're entering from the north and the east. They're not going to see us coming for the other directions. Go
Christian Pride. Always knowing what the enemy is expecting of us and we expected
them. It's like you're definitely psychic, right? Aren't you? At least we know my intuition is definitely good and
on point, so it's always good to go by. Now, with those sharp bugs out of the way, here is our plan. And I'm glad I
did not say anything beforehand and typing on torren 1.
This information you brought me is worse than Russian energy. Tell me something I don't already know.
Of course, Prime is going to come over here with her Autobots and take down our space bridge. That's been made more
obvious since they took away the intel away from our Decepticons.
Hey, what you brought back here is essentially well somewhat worked out,
but apparently the details of Christian Prime's matrix
was intellin.
We don't know what's going on in there. All we know is just essentially the physical details of the mechanics of the
matrix. But looks like we might actually be able to make do with this. We'll have to keep
all our defenses heavy from all sides at this point. But we'll put some focus on
the south and the west just to be safe. Isn't that right? Focus.
Right. Yes, ma'am. Though a lot of the intel that we managed to download from their total tren one is just nothing new
and nothing that we could actually use to take that take Christian Prime down. We managed to make progress in
confirming what they now know from us. And with a limited amount of time beforehand before they tend to show up,
we can actually use this to our advantage. Maybe actually rewrite our
own files within the computers and maybe do something with the space bridge
for once. Lonely camera bots, you make a
good point. If only there was a way that we actually could manifest something
that was a copy of our space bridge within mere seconds, within mere
minutes. But we can't. What we have now, the space bridge cannot can only get us
to one side of the earth to the other at this point. And it's not going to give us much. And it's not like Megatron or
Psycho have any space bridges to spare. We'll just have to put our extra card up
as quick as we can. Crasher, get left, SAP, and Cracktor to lead the team this
time. Put some of them all around. Put some of them on the rooftops. Put some of them on the ice side to put them in
on the south side. We're going to get every single wing box that comes in before they can even make a step in
[Music]
transformers. Transformers
meets the eye. Go transformers.
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ OG Sonichu Medallion Upgraded, Rebirthed and Redeemed
Chris's videos
Punicrackder-V Review Original Ending ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_(Renegade)_Focus&oldid=353337"