Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Punicrackder_V_plus_Music_Video
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel on 12 September 2025. This video is a part of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series. It is notable that the V in Punicrackder V's name is the French pronunciation of the letter.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Raw captions
1.3 Transcript
1.4 Outtakes
Video
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
12 September 2025
Subject Matter
Marketing MarketingTrolls TrollsMusic Music
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime
next Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video
Description
Review of the Punicrackder-V combiner figure of Transformers Legacy United Merged.
Playlist for Transformers Legacy United Merged figures:
[Link to playlist]
Playlist for Punicrackder-V:
[Link to playlist]
Past Ideas Reemerging movie playlist:
[Link to playlist]
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
The music video I personally animated with stop motion, originally for the ending of the Punicrackder-V Review video.
Go, Transformers! - Transformers of Cwcville (working title) Theme Song
Lyrics inspired by Hasbro and Tonka; written by Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime.
Music by suno.com (AI Generated Music)
To Be Continued song generated by suno.com (AI Generated Music).
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
Hey, what's up everybody on YouTube? Jesus Christ Chance Sachi Prime here and
today we are coming to a lovely lovely little segment. We are quick review. We
have gone the long road running going to the combiner limbs. I had to delay a couple of videos with the uh at Selena
and Christian Prime combiner modes, but it's going to be worth it. You're going to love what's going to be after this
review. But for right now, we got Practor V and all of its components between SAP the first, Crash the first,
the Decepticons, Cracktor, Punlap, and SAP. And by the way, so pronunciation.
So I did mention in the So there was a fumble in one part in the skit. In the previous episode, I said puncracker de,
but I like pronouncing it puncracker ve. So, it's just a slight mistake in the
pronunciation, but hey, put the cracker vecer v.
You're good either way. But still, the fun the pun is within all that. And you know, it's just all good. So, without
further ado, let's combine this mostly Decepticone combination.
Okay, so I moved the camera down to ground. Well, camera ground level for
starters because we don't obviously want to start with the feet and work our way up. So, four feet and legs. You know the
drill. Feet legs go on to feet
for starters. Oh, I forgot to pull up the peg on this one. My bad. And then we and then
four arms and body that in there and put this back in
place. That was a That was not meant to happen. All right. Now, let's move on
up, which I should have done in the Medatron video. I gave you that. Everybody makes their mistakes, even
gods and goddesses. And yes. Anyway, make sure everything is good. That's
probably going to get deleted. All right. But anyway, you know what? Let's put the decept the
remaining Decepticone on here first. So, there's the arm.
Oh, where's my brain? But here you go. Other
arm. There we go. And cring the first forms
the head. And there you go. There you have Puncracker V or Punractor B
depending on how you want to pronounce that B at the end in all its tallness
and glory. So, yep, it's a mighty figure made of at least two mighty burst robots
and then just a bunch of then just a bunch of clones. What you what can you do? Especially when the third of the
trio did not want his neck to be compromised with a cold combiner limb.
Ah, good times. Anyway, so let's get in closer and look at all those lovely details. But not not at the belly or the
crush, but the head. There's the noggin. I'm going to move the camera closer.
Let's see. Right there. Yeah. So, the head. Yep. Definitely. So reminiscent of
what could be of like one of the uh jerk cop deceptic coats right there. Got the
lots of blacks and silvers and um well I don't know if you can see it or not
especially I'm not going to force the camera to focus but anyway. So yeah, the eyes are
red, but it's like you'd have to look close to see them. But yep, got all the
lovely boy details throughout and that big gun that SA the first loves loves
loves to gloat about. So anyway, so let's go down the body and you see all
that in its love and glory. Made of a pair of jeeps, a car, a big small jet
was supposed to be a big joke. You may as well call it a big joke, cracker. I
don't care. And you're not wearing clean underwear. She stupid pun. I know. But you know
what? It was on my mind. I went for it. And you trolls can have your fun with that bean if you want. I don't care. I
don't care. I don't care. Oh, look a free hat. I don't care. Yeah. Anyway.
All right. So that silliness doesn't aside what we got for articulation. Yes,
I'm going to tell you. So the head is not on the ball joint. So you don't get
the up or down movement, but the head it can rotate and do a full 360. And of
course arms on that lovely little ratcheted joint.
They can do a full 360 as well. and they can move in and out in the case that
nose cone. Tapping on the head, you have bicep
rotation and as I mentioned earlier with Medatron and the in the vehicle and when
I mentioned the arm mode, you got the two forms where you got the elbow articulation. So, of course, preferably
you could do this to get the full range of movement or of course
turn these around and get that about 90° bit of articulation right
there. But, as you know, I love me the full range of movement. It's a good option. Options, they are good. All
right, so let's do this. So, of course, there's no waist rotation, but legs legs
can move forward that far. You can do them high kicks with a Deceptic Cloud or even if they say the first was a to the
side to get a foot and they can go back if you got the wings back here, which by the way, you can have in and out
depending on your preference, but yet all the way out like that. Yep. Gets in
the way of the feet. So yeah, they can move back that far and outwards.
Full splits and then full splits and then a little bit more.
You got thigh rotation, 90° of bend at that knee. And with the
feet, there's no up or down leg move, but you do have rotation. and you have your echo tiltage.
All right, so let's run through all of the various uh well weapons and
accessories you got in each of the individual components. One of which being right there front and center that
big gun. Yes. All right. So, hm, we got lots of op. We got still have a number
of options despite that being there and blocking one gunport, but you can do what you want. If you want uh like maybe
have like couple of smaller guns up there, be like a little gun tower. That's an option. And let's uh take a
look around as well for other options of connectivity,
which um well, frankly, look at the back. H nothing. You do have to port.
You do have the ports in the cracker the first hands right there, but I think that's not going to be really worth it,
especially considering um Oh, that's another point of articulation as well if you want to take advantage of that bend
at the uh thigh. So, yeah, there you go. Full range of leg movement if you want
to take advantage of that. But yeah, anyway, so just bear that in mind. Oh, you got that. But of course, you do have
these ports on the side. So, that's an option. Uh, so I'll go I'll run through this as well since I just remembered. So
we can take crafter's guns. We could store them on the thighs. That's an option, but then of course that limits
the arm movement. So still your choice. You can work around that.
So that's just that's one option. But of course uh
now at least between the uh the two firsts on here, they are the voya. So
technically all warrior despite three despite three fifths of it being
just your drones and clones. But yeah, let's talk about storage before we show
off like details. But yeah, you got the ports right here on this SIB. So you put that
gun in the slot right there, which I feel like that's best. And of course, you got the P slabs gun. Go put that on
the side on the thigh right there. And of course the the crafter's gun. You got
ports on either wing front and back. So you could store it up there if you want to store the back. Of course, as I
mentioned earlier, you could store cracks of the first guns on the thighs.
Just to show you how that looks as well. So you have the opt option. There's options options that are good. But of
course, we can just give them a whole mess of weapon wielding in all this. So,
we could take the two guns. We can put one in each hand. So, that's an option.
We're definitely going to be mentioning the choice words at the moment there when you got the guns in the hands. But,
of course, if you want to, you do have the ports on the unders sides of the hands. So you can potentially take the
smaller guns at least. Let me just do this. I feel like cuz I like it's sports side just being where I
don't just don't it goes. Yeah. Anyway, you can put that down here and you can
put this down here. And uh yeah uh this up here just um if
you can get that up here down. Oh, actually you know what? Um duh idea. Um, let's see if this will work. Anyway,
well, if you don't mind for the fingers in, that's an option. So, yeah, got lots of peep baggy pegging and big gun peep
banging and all that good stuff right there. Yes.
Okay. So, as you may see, I got I put the bigger figure stand in the back so
we can have some support. Obviously, the the bushes is got to make him front heavy. So, I'm just going to give the uh
back ths a bit of a single click right there. It'll look like it just looking up for a moment.
Yep. Maybe I'll just uh do one click forward. So, let's get down to some lovely bunches of blushes.
Yes, we're going to put a bunch of blushes on this gun. Oh, and uh I didn't
realize this until uh well when I was actually recording the little video. You're gonna see after this review is
done, but um take a look at this uh take a look at SAB's big gun right here. There's another reason why it's special.
So, we can pop a bush in there and
Okay. See, it has to be the thinner bush. So, I got to go in there and push push. Yeah.
Well, you can see right there. It did earlier, but it was wedged in there. I was able to get that uh lovely little
moment, but yeah, essentially. Yep. You get some oranges going out there. All
right, let's try this just to be sure. Yeah, there you go. All right, this way. There you go. You can see those little
orange lights being like it's all fired up. So, I'll leave it like that. There you go. So, that's one detail. Just one.
Yeah. pull up the camera and I'll lower it back down once again.
Spoiler for the comparison, I suppose. The camera rotate that way. You know what? I'm going to do this so you can
actually see the face. Okay. All right. So, let's do this. Let's do this. Oh, by
the way, right here, this hand, that's compatible. So, we can put couple of bushes right there. Yeah. Maybe these
smaller bushes. Make that work. It's a tight fit, but you can get them
in there. And of course, this gun and this gun not
bush compatible. And I might even on these small pegs. Nope. Too small. Don't work. But the rest of the guns, they're
blue compatible. So, we can still get that going. All right. So, let's do
bigger blushes on the on track to the first pair of guns
cuz I have a feeling they're going to stick on there pretty dang good. All right, so we got that and thinking of
course with elbow flexibility
taking that into consideration. Why is this one being a bit more weaker than well at first has a bit more security.
All right. But anyway, I am going to rotate him this way. So, we this on the course uh one more little blush for the
Decepticone Pocrctor gun. So, yep, we're going to do this. We're going to make
this happen. I'm going to hold this arm up for support. But yep, we gonna do a big old bunch of punter cracker and VN
SAV and the first big gun.
That was really powerful. Yes.
And now for comparison. And just to note, I am not going to do the uh big
comparisons like I did with Medatron. I feel like that just uh speaks volumes enough in comparison with this one which
uh when we get to the Medatron comparison. You will see. But anyway, so we we're still start considerably small
and sticking with the main line and of course the one featured figure from the first wave and the one feature from the
second wave. So for starters, here it is with Sonu. Yep. Definitely small. It's
like top of the head stands up to just above the knee or around the knee. Anyway,
let's uh get this out the way as well. So, combiner mode at Selena. So, you got
that going on. And here he is with
the optimist. His name is Optimus.
I'm going to move him in the center just for a moment. So, we may as well do this all three in one. So here is puncrafter
bay with CC2
combiner mode Christian prime. I'll probably lower the camera in a
moment so you can get the full view. And of course with
Christian prime normal foot mode. I'll lower the camera so you can see. Uh you
can seen this pretty much just over the camera a bit.
There you go. It's standing in comparison with punc as such. And of course now to finish off
the smaller comparisons. Here it is with punish the first in front of the punish
and clone. That's the leg and meat. I will load the camera once more
just to give you that perspective. Yeah. Enough bomb. One more time.
Yeah. You do that freaking jerk up. Freaking
freaking Makoto. Gwen Gwy. Whatever.
Freaking. Yay. All right. put you back over here for
the remaining comparisons itself.
So, of course, we'll save that main one for last. But first, we'll start off with good old Combiner Wars Super.
Let's look. We got jets going on. So, of course, Superion is going to be in on this
with
Manosaur. Yes,
with Bruticus
completely blastoff.
And last but not leastly, here is Pana Crafter V compared with
Medatron. So yeah, there you go. side by side in
this comparison finally. And also I've realized planet crackctor
V initials H P C V plastic.
Yes. So there you go. Now of course you could scramble this
guy as well. And if it's not clear and obvious, if you don't see the little lovely promoted symbol right there, the
PBC symbol right there, or even the promoted symbol right there, well,
your first is a leg at that point and you got a little rocket jump on the
right side at that point or it could be on the left side depending on what you want to do.
All right. So essentially this is what practor bay will look like if you had four decepticone jerk cops. But guess
what? I don't have four decepticone jerk cops. So I borrowed same old car arm car
leg from a sword to give you this example. Okay. So at this point this is pretty
much what it look would look like if you had four deceptic clone crackctors. by borrowing a couple of aerialobots to
just temporarily take their place. And of course, for a lovely
on the cheap opted, you have this kind of crafter bay
configuration with all jeeps. Only needing to borrow Mr. Swindle
for one of the limbs. But anyway, there's all your possibilities. Give you
all those options. Do what you will. Do what you like. It's all good when you have this set of figures. And there's a
gift set available where there is a punfter for there is a PC crafter V spot set
available like a gift collector set as opposed to deister. Now it will it
includes the craft of averse and uh two uh Decepticone SAVs, two Decepticone
crafters, two Decepticone Punch Labs. So having fun with that. It's less It's one
less expensive option, I suppose. But yeah, there you go.
All right. So, here you go. This is Pana Crafter V or Panractor Fay, which I
prefer calling it. Anyway, so yep, it's uh the combination is quite the grand
figure. It definitely stands so intimidating and daunting that
essentially just kind of like got no eyes and makes move what a jerk cop even
Decepticone or even the first could do with just a zombie zombie individual
pretending to be police or even a holographic projection or just what or a
robot or yada yada yada whatever. Ah, and then of course you know the crackers
not all being cracked up to be just flying going around and you know being piloted by said zombian by said
zombified type of people just mentally controlled individuals back in the day as PBC citizens and all that. I'm
probably going to just move this in the center so the camera so the picture can
actually do better. So just make this a note to the editor. Just copy and paste
this steel image for the B the major the
majority of this one to replace it because it was off center and not in
front of the shirt here. So just all right
I was talking about the crackers. Okay. Three, two, one. And then of course the
SAVs being essentially like a bunch of vans that would take the poorest of people back in the day to so they could
be commit and turned into the students of PVC citizens. So that's kind of like
a long and short story of it. And yes, when you're even with a fake police car, yes, you can arrest the citizens as
well. But moreover, they just were like uh just taking out their baton bean sticks and just really abusing them and
Yeah. Anyway, just Okay. Well, I'm
just going to get this out of the way and then I'm going to get my feelings out of the way. So, first and foremost,
so there you go. I had picked up the Decepticones Putt Slav and SAV from
Target. I have picked up the Decepticone Cracktor and the first SAV from Walmart
and from Big Bad Toy Store. And I picked up the the craft of the first figure
from Target as well. Of course, you can find these all over the place. They are popping up in your Walmarts, your
Targets, the Amazon.com, the Big Bad Toy Store, Entertainment Earth, and all the above. Just look around. You'll find
them. And you know, you can have fun as you'd like. just, you know, so much fun
you guys had. All right, so anyway, the links to uh at least Big Bad Tour store
will be in the description down below and of course my socials including of course my blue sky and my quick light
safe and good and everything in the list in the description down below as well.
So there you go. This is pund crafter bay. A combinations of what? Pun slabs,
crackctors, and savs. Panda cracker bait.
So, so anyway, here's the usual ending. It's
all good. I feel like I'm well doing this, but anyway.
Anyways, that's puncture bay and this is Jesus Christ s your prime saying remember you don't stop playing because
you grow old. You grow old because you stop playing and don't let any of those
haters, fakers, abusers or toxic individuals tell you otherwise or quail
your creativity. So yes, I feel more affirmed every time I say it because I
am a geek as well. So yes, big gig, be you. Be proud, the haters, the
fakers, the abusers, and just every single toxic,
darkest, cynic individual. Be you. Be proud.
Trans
meets the eye of Dragon Bots in disguise. Autobots and guardians
affecting the earth and every one of the chaos and evil wrath fighting the evil
forces of the disapp. Day of Quickville is defended by the
forces of good with the help of Christian and the son in
they call the power magic with their might and when they like stands
go transformers more than meets the eye. Go transformers. Go transformers.
Vehicles and beasts. They know how to fight for millennia in movies.
Cybertronic rhym
grimlock don't like hairs.
transgress
more than meets the eye.
Dragon
robots in disguise. Autobots and guardians defending the earth and everyone against the chaos and evil
wrath fighting the evil forces of the district becomes a gay keeping them up
by the forces of good and the sun
and defend their Go transformers.
More than meets the eye. Go transformers. Transformers. Mighty mighty vehicles and
beasts. They know our fight from millennia. Rivalries lost love. Survival on energy.
Cybertronic drivers. Go for transformers. More than meets the
eye. Go transformers. Robert in disguise.
Go transformers. Transformers.
More than that meets the eye. Go transformer.
It's quite tough up there as it is down here. Yes, I'll say. But finally, we made the
right time. Okay, everybody. I have noticed that Puncractor Vay has been combined. So, let's get down to it. It's
time to combine and form Metatron once again
in disguise. Autobots and guardians defending the earth and every one of the
chaos and evils and renegades keeping them up. The city
of quickfield is defended by the forces of the help
in electrical power.
Go transformers. Go transformers. More than meets the eye. Go transformers. Go
trans vehicles and beasts. They know how to fight for millennia in the least.
Rivalries, lost love. Survival of cyber crime.
Transformers,
get up. Get up, guys. Get up.
You guys go on ahead. I'll go down there and fight with me, Makoto. I'll see you
all a little while after they mind explode. Go Transformers.
Transformers. More than meets the eye. Go Transformers. Go Transformers. Mighty
robots. Mighty vehicles and beasts. They know how to fight for millennia in the east. Brotherly rivalries, lost loves,
survival on energy. Cyber drivers from the gold
my Oh, time to go. I should get here as far as
the boat. There's no safe here at this point.
All decept to my location. Follow me through this
portal. Nice work at the power plant, Su. You
managed to give Megatron a really good beating he will not forget. Yeah, and those seekers were very tough nuts to
crack. I mean, not easily be able to take them down from the ground, but at least they were something. And then just
the multitude of Decepticons and generic Decepticons in general without just identities. Numerous
numerous numerous. Yeah. And that's definitely no joke right there. Su right
you. But at least we're able to get that once and for all. Even though they got to make some more and they'll be back
like flies on a warm summer day. Well, that's a nerd joke, but I'll go with
that. Yeah. Although I might take a bit of offense to that because I fly. Well, at least you're not an Incepticon wave. I
mean, even Wasp there would probably cringe at a joke like that. Okay, so I have yet to bid for the update as well,
Sonu. I feel like the audience by want to hear this as well, if they're not going to get anything in the next video.
Anyway, so tell me what happened at the power plant. Certainly, Chris, I'll tell you for the street. So, so Jazz and
Cliff Jumper went out ahead along with throw out and armors. They were actually there to just scout to see how many
there were, but they managed to get caught and the Decepticons had disabled.
But fortunately, they did not kill them. So, that was very good. By the time I and my team managed to get got there
along with Optimus Prime and his group of Autobots and the Guardians, we managed to actually get a real proper
beatdown. And fortunately, Computron was able to give us a hand at the end there,
giving us a bit of a hack into their data. We actually know why Gwen Makoto
wanted those parts for the power plant in the first place. Oh wow, Sonu, we actually managed to get details of what
Gwy Makoto wanted to do with those parts of pieces. I'm definitely curious now as if my intuition didn't already tell me,
but please do tell. I do enjoy a good confirmation.
Okay, tell this to you and uh everybody here at the Alba Bates. Fortunately, I can tell that everybody made it from
that island safe and sound. I'm very thankful for leader one and his command center and other guardians. At least I
managed to get back on everybody on my team as well. So anyway, essentially Remy wants to get access to Robert
Franklin Chandler's Junior schematics on a plastic molding machine.
Apparently that's a thing from the past that she wants. And considering it's a thing for the past
is important for her details and an ability to open a portal that could actually really disrupt things. Oh
that is a confirmation. Christine's father and Christian's father as well between both halves of the earth. And
it's like no wonder she does she wants those things, those plants. I can only imagine what she might be thinking. But
I'm thinking essentially from my intuition, she not only wants to
shatter the dimensions and the universe in this timeline, but she wants to put a massive dent in us Chris Chans and
Christ Chance and trying to make an attempt on me, Christ Chan, and of
course Christine Chan in this very timeline. Yes, that's pretty much what I gather for the intel of the Decepticones
and some of the Decepticons that worked under her at that time. But yeah,
essentially between that and some of the parts that were only manufactured at General Electric plants worldwide
and of course imported materials from Cybertrons, those our metals and everything. She's planning on doing a
mock space bridge that not only bridges between the dimensions and universe but
also timelines and of course going past and future in this very timeline.
Yes, I suppose suffice to say it is a time machine, but I feel like it's a bit
more complex than that. But yeah, of course, between that and using Air John as an energy source, specifically that
that came from this Earth as opposed to that from Cybertron. But yeah, that's Gy Makoto's plan
whatsoever. So, we got to definitely prevent her from doing that. And of
course, as you intuit, if we do, Chris, we definitely needed to get that air John out of those caves. And oh wow, we
had to score a peak with that air John. With that Air John, we'll be able to do a thing in preparing the rifts in the
sky that's around here presently. I knew it was bad enough that my gu that the guardians and I actually became
separated from our original dimension of the universe, but it's so nice that we're actually welcome here, that we
were not segregated at all. It's very welcoming. It would actually be very nice. Has no actually made the official
figures of us. Fortunately, we got a few coming in. I would love to see Leer One
have his figure in a new form. Yes, this is quite true Small Foot. But fortunately, but there's a figure of
Leer One, Turbo, and Scooter. There's likely going to be following the figures for Psycho and Turbo. And that's going
to be quite the ordeal when it comes to that. As if Megatron alone was not bad enough. Psycho was a menace in his own
right. Darn right, Octopus. At least I was able
to gather from within the Matrix during my time. I had it the wisdom that still pertained even in my form as hot rod.
Once again, having more villains in this timeline in their own figured way was
likely to manifest more evils in this world. As if there's not enough evils to
go around this timeline. It was bad enough back in 1982, but then it came
around as we kept on progressing and progressing and everything kept on going and going and Hasbro had to pull all
their details and accepting the multiverse for themselves and everything. It's still a lot to process
even in my transistors. But still, at least it's something. And
in the process as well, at least we get more heroes that will actually help us take down these villains. But then
again, I suppose that's going to be the thing with the dementia merge as Christ Chan had talked about over and over again. Even I'm still wrapping my
circuits around those details. Quite right, Bumblebee. But at least we are able to get things cleared up and
actually get things going good once again. And the Autobots and I on the case here in one source city of this
earth. That is to say a quick bill. Why to say a quick bill? Well, of course,
Christine Prime for one, but on another, everybody wants a piece of a quick veil.
Not just the bad guys, but even some good guys that actually turned bad
through their misconduct and mistaken attempts and efforts, but at least we're able to get those numbers down. And
Christian is able to manifest the good and better of these people. I mean if
you look at the recent events from today's date of June 5th 2025 between
both halves the evils are really exposing themselves and those that
actually were good and became evil or sided with evil they're realizing they
backed the raw pony essentially using the uh earth sprays you know aren't you
and all my years of experience and temporary matrix holding working with everybody of the 13 primes as
I never met somebody as good and experienced as you. It's no wonder that even though I came from another
timeline, you were worthy of temporary at least wielding the matrix. You make a
good prime in your own right. But so, hey, you did good. You impress me and
Optimus. So, good on you, Sonu. Good on you. Thank you. And thank you,
Bumblebee. I will always take good pleasure in my ability to continue to do
good for everyone and of course make sure everything continues to be made right and good and I get to actually be
a good leader and all the years centuries millennia of experience I got
from the training grounds and from the day when I was formed in Christian
primes laboratory run was there that day I do remember that
That was a good thing I had to learn from that. And wow, when I meditated from that, I actually learned that I was
a sichuie from Earth. So, it just made sense. I end up coming here being stationed in see a quick fail. And that
just feels good with me. But still, we got to take things into
consideration moving forward. So, everybody,
let's keep up the good work. We got a lot more to do as not only the bet merge completes but in welcoming everybody of
the 1218 half onto the whole undivided earth being alongside us in general even
Christ prime knows that's going to be quite an ordeal and that is regardless
of that I wonder what the Decepticons are up to right now they be upgrading me or even Megatron
and the Renegades she that battle But Stalia was a tough one.
He got down quickly enough and I had to take him down again. He tried to take me down, but I never let him get me down.
But still, I'm worried they all made out okay. At least most of them.
Eh, I'm certain they did. At least Makoto. And I bet she's fuming all over about it as we speak.
Damn it. We lost again. What is up with freaking Metatron?
I know. What is up with that? I mean, even your big plastic gun does not
phaser one bit these days. What is going on with that? Siv, your gun is not so
cracked up as it should be. Yes, laugh. You think I didn't notice? I mean, my
big gun is definitely one that could tear down buildings in one blast. And then something happened with
Medatron or otherwise her components. It's got to be Christian Prime since she was an armed this time.
I mean, I just that's got to be it. If Prime's pary does not actually explain
why these defenses are higher, then it's of course Prime.
She's got a freaking patron of leadership from another dimension. If it does not consent to the wisdom of this
universe, it's got to be that from throughout the freaking multiverse. here. So I could definitely see that in
my previous scans of not only Optimus Pride's matrix and when the matrix was in hot rod,
I also had scanned Christian Pride's matrix as well once or twice and there
is the higher amount of energy and vibrations from within Christian Pride's matrix as opposed to Optimus's matrix.
So therefore, it does stand to logic and reason that there would be the greater
amount of wisdom from throughout the multiverse that does give her a leg up
in anything that you may consider. Of course, Wave, you know very well as I
do, especially when I had to deal with other crimes from throughout not only
the multiverse, but the past and present of this timeline. over and pets in one
way or another and pets and haunts me within that vast multitude.
And not to mention in this timeline in this universe, Christ Chad Prime being
the Avatar has apparently has been conferred even by soundwave from having
scanned Christian Prime's matrix as well as Optimus's matrix. and for the powers that have been confirmed from that.
Anything is possible with the right imagination. I bet Galvatron too many
times and he was a future version of me. I I was able to make the right choice and not be affected by unic multiple
times and yet somehow I managed to get infected just a little bit by Unicron. I
had to kick it out. At one point I had to go be Galvatron and I had to revert
back to being Megatron. Always a pain when I have to go through the multiversal complexes of those
details. But yes, Makoto, we agree it is indeed imperative that we actually take
over the multiverse. So then we can be conquering of everything and everyone
regardless of the primes rather than be optimist
even bumblebee or even Christian prime here. That's why I am helping you. I
want to take down all these prime so that I can rule this universe by myself. Even though I looked in other timelines
where I actually did succeed, I still want to do it anyway. I turned good for a little while. But yet there's still
that deep within me that came about from when I took down Sentinel Prime and when
Optimus came around from being Orion. That's right, Megatron. But we still
need more information in regards to Prime herself and what she is actually
capable of as well as Christ through her. Focus.
Yes, ma'am. I want you to get your couple more of your fellow focus robos
and get yourselves together. I want all the intel possible in the grander scheme
of things. But yeah, go take pictures and videos of Prime and any other
documents to come down from within song shoes on my face and even from Shan
Prime's lair. Don't go do anything stupid like the trolls of the 1218 half
of this very earth did. There's no need for such perverted nonsense.
I agree mount but when I split apart into some more focus robo I cannot actually maintain a focus of my clones
like reflector had tried do within himself hide mine or not but in any
event I will go to the base and I shall get this information for youto ma'am
that's right you better and you better get the information on how powerful prime is and if you don't I'll have
crasher stop you with her electric bells. But good actually. I'm always
happy to lay a hand when my feet are required for the test. Makoto,
I would not fail you, Gwy. Makoto, ma'am, I shall be focused along with my partners and we shall get the footage
and information you requested. I shall make way now and to the base. We will
sneak in covertly. I'll be in touch. That's right. Now get to work.
Yes, ma'am.
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Outtakes
Main article: Punicrackder-V Outtakes
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime
Chris's videos
Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Punicrackder_V_plus_Music_Video&oldid=354505"