Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Bumba-Lumba
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Bumba-Lumba
Categories: Category, Chris-chan videos, 2024
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Bumba-Lumba are videos uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel. These videos are the first of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series.
Contents
1 Videos
1.1 1st upload
1.1.1 Description
1.2 2nd upload
1.2.1 Description
1.2.2 Raw captions
1.2.3 Transcript
1.3 3rd upload
1.3.1 Description
2 References
Videos
Note that the video title shows the character's name as "Bumba-Lumba," even though Chris has previously written it in his comics as "Bumble-Lumba."
The video was later set to Private for an unknown reason, but was reuploaded on 9 January without any known alterations (although the hyphen was removed from "Bumba-Lumba). This happened again on 27 November 2024 to rerecord footage using a custom box.
Chris commented about the CWCki's summary of the video, which had stated that the reason for the privated video was not known. Chris pointed out that it was due to the box.[1]
Scene from the 2nd upload
Scene from the 3rd upload
1st upload
The original video[2] was uploaded 1 January 2024. It was later set to Private and no known archive exists. However, the raw captions from YouTube were saved.
Description
Review of the Bumba-Lumba figure of Transformers Legacy Cwcville.
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Text from YouTube's captions
Jumba
bumblebee buz
around yeah no that's not bumblebee
that's bumba
lumba this video has been a long time
coming in the set of the quickfill
Autobots hey what's up YouTubers Christ
chat here and with another freaky OC
review and today we'll be reviewing of
the quickfield Ia team see quickfield
Edition bumba lumba and so here we are
and there he is and first and foremost
as always we take a quick look at the
packaging so from we got here this
lovely love box of his mold M legy
United Animated Universe bumblebee so
got the
font he a Del class
class
classic about you got half a lovely
piece of artwork I say half because look
like another half the picture there
other side you got lovely part lovely
mode of pictures of the of the old
bumble meister and top of the box this
lovely little
flap words STS barcodes and on the back
of the box you have your oh BL
that that that that's basically
for the
packaging and moving right along here is
our lovely little bumba lumba two words
bumba
LBA like lovely little soup up sports
car with lovely FL on look at that rise
up the
FAS called rise rise up the
Phenix anyway let's take a look around
all this lovely vehicle so front here
got the gr headlights looking all nice
and good looking and all that got the F
bird there all nice and green you got
the side of the
vehicle just good like a hole here and
hole there I take at least that's a good
looking painted window there's the back
of the vehicle with complete with tail
lights hey you better break with the
lights flash
red there's other side so there's the
top there's the bottom it do roll as
well slide
SL t for sliding
things and for comparison here is with
the netfit
Bumblebee and of course here's bum with
the good old standard comparison with
Earth rise Optimus Prime C
rise I think I can octopus but I don't I
know Sonu can he's done it more so than
I have yeah so with that bet that came
it from the other
dimension
out
with P SLA of the decept of the PVC say
deceptic CL
with quy Makoto in a lovely little saan
pickup
truck here is bumba lumba with a saian
Thundercracker this needs to be
desperately repayed to be like
Cracker and here's Bumble lumba with the
animated Swindle that is also going to
be repainted to be more like an
sa scoundrel as
vessel and here he is with all the other
all box of quickfi the top five or so
which they will each get the respective
review videos not too long for now until
I can redo son's video cuz I had so much
noise in the r video but I had the Play
Station so yeah of course there's jet
goes with arm rats over there hey
options they're good they're
good and here is a bubble LBA with our
quickfi combiner team including combiner
mode at Selena far in the back
there here he is with All About Chris
Chan Prime and all her three forms
between origin Main and combiner limb
form and of course with the original
animated bu because it's
precious also sticky d
[Music]
precious and of course bumba lumba does
c with come
accessories you get a pair of lovely
Stingers Za it up to the
tree but you got all the lovely silver
paint on the transparent blue plastic
which I feel like that's way it works
and you got these lovely little turbo
rockets that out in silver paint and
just all looking good
that and of course the store these
vehicle mod cuz you don't have a p for
those Stingers here and put them onto
these pockets and put them right here on
the door like
thisy
for and of course
uh you know blasting forward whichever
way you want or brush can store back
here as was the case with the original
vehicle
pous
AES so that is basically it for the
vehicle bow so let's get down the
transformation shall we yes get a really
good spin on am spin it spin it to
win delightful delightful all right so
let me just uh rotate the camera up
little
bit right down to it course move the
m and what I like doing on this uh I
thought I say we start from the we start
by folding up what's in the trunk so we
just split shoulders up just pop that up
there and then we pull these
out SP down like
that this probably just go ahead don't
take the hands out close that up see the
little flip arms they close up like that
and we just want to wiggle these out
they're on a double
hinge and then we definitely want to get
down to business so we're going to bring
down the
legs work with it as you do as you
anyway that down you want to rotate that
180 and then let that click let that
click into place I'll just go ahead put
these elbows in the right
orientation and then let's see oh right
got split the legs and then we flip the
hoods up pull these black sections down
those three his KN caps sometimes could
be a little tricky might you make shift
spuder for that there we
go and give that 180
rotation put the heel spurs out on kn
and then rotate you flip the feet down
you close up the gaps
here and of course you just rotate
this and then you reveals the lovely
Bumble lumba Meister mug and shift the
shoulders
up
and that is pretty much basically it oh
we done just we're done woo we're done
and that is that is there you go there
you have bum B lumba in his robot mode
ni say in Simplicity and size is small
and stature this actually works even for
update of an M feature so let's get in
let's look in on those DET let's get
close up soon not on those check not on
that chest but where's the autofocus on
this
camera oh well we'll just make do what
we have but you got some lovely detail
on his face cute little smirk his eyes
this not little pant like cring the head
just like you see on the secret Shi F
folder card those are going to be
available in the Etsy store soon plug
for the Etsy store the money does go the
money does go to CHR J Prime she gets
that money so you go on the store you
buy purchase from there she gets a big
chunk of that money so you're doing a
good service for her like that okay
there's a Shameless plug they good time
to the
show anyway so we look down got love me
look at those flames and then just love
he got like flames it's like a nice
update when you look at that picture
from that particular card that was just
mentioned and then go up the
back feel little heels you got a little
backpack going on there but that's cool
now articulation wise the head is on a
ball joint you got a lot of Wiggly
waggly going on you can look you can
look down a little bit you can look up a
lot do a total squirrel or you can use
that transformation joint and do a total
squirrel and then some s squ bend it
flying
forward that's fun and of course uh head
can rotate do a full 360 with getting
the chin out from lifting above those
sharp pieces arms can only go up that
far and back that far you got a joint at
the shoulder here you got a joint at
just above the uh bicep here so you got
some range of movement you have this
joint if you want dislocate anyway but
still you can give you good poses this
way and of course uh
arms can do like rotate at
the you get 90° of Bend there at that
you got hand rotation there you got a
little inward outward rotation if you
open this up that's main you do for
transformation you have waist rotation
legs
before that far back then go that far
outward you can pretty much do a full
split yeah thigh
rotation you get a really good range of
knee Bend there it's like over 90
degrees of bend the knee feet can go up
a little bit can go down and can can't
go down you got a little bit of ankle
tilted
there now as far far as this weapons go
of course uh you can do them multiple
ways so of course you can hold them in
his
hands come on work here there we go can
hold him in his hands he can zap zap zap
zap like without the
rock BL BL I don't think you get any BL
is within that tiny hole I'm wondering
though let's see this small Bush I mean
was like nope but can that work can that
work not really okay what we tried it's
like we did something that he didn't but
aside from that of course
uh we can put these on this back and I
could store on there like that be like
nobody in the comment SE be like hey
that one ConEd would when she put them
on the back
anyway but there you go and of course
with a full upright hit and that there
you go like Ro
SP
delightful and then that course the fun
detail those on this just because can
open these up put the hands
in I want just mention this since he
didn't mention so of course uh with the
little Stinger on there it's like that
it's kind of awkward when you think
about the position of that Stinger it's
like um okay how am I supposed to sting
something like this I mean even just
like it looks like he wants a hand out
hey give me give me some change give me
some change we're not happy nope I think
obviously could do a little work around
with that just turn one be like that's a
little better that's a little better
there all right so we just get that
[Music]
there just go ahead put that there and
now put the two
together and you got that good that
lovely little bit of two-headed Stinger
action going
up to the
stream let's see here let's see if we
can do this let's do this live on
camera uh kind of sort of you know what
that works I'll take it so yeah now we
can do a lovely zapping bumba Lumber I
don't have a Graphic blue so I apologize
for do
noise and then they'll feely F fall
off and for
comparon here is Bumble lumba with neitz
bum
be
with pun
slav
with
Wy
with a t be updated
cracker
with
a to be
updated scel
vessel
with
Frank and here's how Bumble lumba
Compares and scale with the other with
the combiners of Quick Fill including
combiner form at
Selena here is how Bumble LBA scales
with the Trio OFA Chris CH between the
origin form on the right the
main CH Chris Chan Prime albot in the
center and of course uh the combiner
form Chris Chand in the the left along
with rung in both
ways he hears how Bumble lumba scales
with Sonu at Selena silver armor Prowler
and jet and an awesome Dynamic battle
scene where they're defending the city a
quick
bille and of course last but not least
here he is with the original animated
bumble baby because he's so precious oh
so
precious so there you go and yeah as I
do really love I really like this figure
I mean just size quality and up dead to
uh I just you know moment mates update
to the precious figure mentioned earlier
it actually is quite good I like the uh
how it can stand good on his feet makes
good good shorts just obviously if I was
to give it like a little comparative mod
maybe it just like you know the ends of
the arms where the bo where the little
Stingers could connected could be more
flat that's my more grievance with it
but have to give it like do a something
to make it like
connect you know give it something go
back and forth there that would more
easier and hey who hasn't thought about
us actually using the rocket boosters to
give him fight because that's one thing
they can do I mean I think that was also
portrayed that was also portrayed
sometime anyway yeah there you go Bumble
Lumber can fly but he's not a bumblebee
but anyway from that if you want to hear
the back story for Bumble LBA and all
the other individuals of the alots of
quickfi you can look at that previous
live stream I did so there you
go now I fit this up in a Lov little
collab personally with
Hasbro and you might be able find this
some Hasbro PE sooner and later but if
you would like the similar figure you
can always get the Transformers Animated
B big figure from Hasbro Pro or even
like big btoy store.com or your local
Target your local Walmart whichever
comes up at that time but anyway I think
that's about it so there you go you
don't not saying you don't stop playing
because you grow you grow because you
stop playing big gek be
[Applause]
proud okay so everybody knows this
particular outtake that we are doing
right now is not canon with the present
anime project in progress thank you all
very much for your continued support and
have a lovely blessed safe day
yay I love a good PE I go from a quick
F hey Optimus a bu Lum good to see you
again yeah you got to S call for me sir
yes I have actually a very serious
situation I want you look at I need you
to get roll out over here I mean I know
he's all duty but between him and
Ratchet they might be able to figure out
this little problem I have what's that
sir do you see this bumba lumba my
Matrix is
blinking your Matrix is blinking even I
don't know what that means I mean you're
the one that has h on to us for so
long it's been going off and on like
this for quite some time now even I'm
still perplexed I think it's trying to
kill me something why you think it's
trying to tell you
Optimus
maybe what's matter Bumble Lumber I just
got download information from Cybertron
and the AC records and everything hey
oh my
mind
my wow I didn't think my Matrix had that
effect on
anyone okay stop blinking n it's ping
night
normal I guess I add a bit of
information I need to upload to somebody
or might been that pizza bagel I had
while we were at Texas just yesterday
2nd upload
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Bumba Lumba
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
9 January 2024
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Transformers - Past Ideas Reemerging - Part 2
next Animate! Raleigh
Description
Review of the Bumba-Lumba figure of Transformers Legacy Cwcville.
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
Jumba
bumblebee buz
around yeah no that's not bumblebee
that's bumba
lumba this video has been a long time
coming in the set of the quickfill
Autobots hey what's up YouTubers Christ
chat here and with another freaky OC
review and today we'll be reviewing of
the quickfield Ia team see quickfield
Edition bumba lumba and so here we are
and there he is and first and foremost
as always we take a quick look at the
packaging so from we got here this
lovely love box of his mold made legy
United Animated Universe bumblebee so
got the
font he a Del class class class
classic you got half a lovely piece of
artwork I say half because look like
it's another half the picture there
other side you got lovely part lovely
mode of pictures of the of the old
bumble meister and top of the box this
lovely little
flap words STS barcodes and on the back
of the box you have your oh BL
that that that that's basically
for the
packaging and moving right along here is
our lovely little bumba lumba two words
bumba
LBA like lovely little soup up sports
car with lovely flart on look at that
rise up the
FAS called rise rise off the
Phoenix anyway let's take a look around
all this lovely vehicle so front here
got the gr headlights looking all nice
and good looking and all that got the F
bird there all nice and green you got
the side of the
vehicle just good like a hole here and
hole there I take at least that's a good
looking painted window there's the back
of the vehicle with complete with tail
lights heyy you better break with the
lights flash
red there's other side so there's the
top there's the bottom it do roll as
well slide
SL T ready for sliding
things and for comparison here is with
the netfit
Bumblebee and of course here's Bumble
with the good old standard comparison
with Earth rise Optimus Prime C
rise I think I can octopus but I don't I
know Sonu can he's done it more so than
I have yeah with that bet that came in
from the other
dimension
out
with P SLA of the decept of the PVC say
deceptic
with quy Makoto in a Lov little saan
pickup
truck here is bumba lumba with a saian
Thundercracker this needs to be
desperately repayed to be like
Cracker and here's Bumble lumba with the
animated Swindle that is also going to
be repainted to be more like an
sa scoundrel as
vessel and here he is with all the other
all box of quickfi the top five or so
which they will each get the respective
review videos not too long for now until
I can redo son's video cuz I had so much
noise in the r video but I had the Play
Station so yeah of course there's jet
goes with arm rats over there hey
options they're good they're
good and here is a bubble LBA with our
quickfi combiner team including combiner
mode at Selena far in the back
there here he is with All About Chris
Chan Prime and all her three forms
between origin Main and combiner limb
form with Legacy animated
Bumblebee and of course
with the original animated bub because
it's
prees also sticky animated
[Music]
prees and of course bumba lumba does
come with come with some
accessories you get a pair of lovely
Stingers Za it up to the
Treet but you got all the lovely silver
paint on the transparent blue plastic
which I feel like def really works and
you got these lovely little turbo
rockets that out silver paint and just
all looking good and all that and of
course to store these a vehicle mod cuz
you don't have a p for those Stingers
here and put them onto
these pockets and put them right here on
the door like
thisy
for
and of course
uh know it's blasting forward whichever
way you want or course you can store
back here as was the case with the
original
vehicle
precious also
precious so that is basically it for the
vehicle B so let's get down the
transformation shall we you get a really
good spin on am spin it spin it to win
woo
W delightful delightful all right so let
me just uh rotate the camera up little
bit right down to it of course move the
m and what I like doing on this uh I
thought I say we start from the we start
by folding up what's in the trunck so we
just split shoulders up just pop up
there and then we pull these out
down like
that at this point we can just go ahead
don't take the hands out go set up see
the little flip arms they close up like
that and we just want to wiggle these
out they're on a double
hinge and then we definitely want to get
down to business so we're going to bring
down the
legs work with it as you got do as you
anyway that down you want to rotate that
one 80 and then let that click let that
click into place I'll just go ahead put
these elbows in the right
orientation and then let's see all right
got split the legs and then we flip the
hoods up pull these black sections down
those'll be his KN caps sometimes could
be a little tricky might need make shift
spuder for that there you
go and give that 18
rotation put the heel spurs out on
these and then rotate you putp the feet
down you close up the gaps
here and of course you just rotate
this and then you reveal the lovely
bumba lumba M mug and shift the
shoulders
up
and that is pretty much basically oh we
done yes we're done woo we're done and
that is that is there you go there you
have bumba lumba in his robot mode I say
in Simplicity and size is small and
stature this actually works even for
update of an anime feature so let's get
in let's look in on those DET let's get
close up soon not on those chest not on
that chest but where's the autofocus on
this
camera oh well we'll just make do what
we haveen
you got some lovely detail on his face
cute little smirk his eyes this Lely
little pant like CR in the head just
like you see on the secret ship F folder
card those are going to be available in
the Etsy store soon plug for the Etsy
store the money does go the money does
go to CHR Jam Prime she gets that money
so you go on the store you buy and
purchase from there she gets a big chunk
of that money so you're doing a good
service for her like that okay there's a
Shameless plug they going Time the show
anyway so we didn't look down got a
lovely look at those flames and then
just love you got like those flames it's
like a nice update when you look at that
picture from that particular card that
was just
mentioned and then we go up the
back feel little heels you got a little
backpack going on there but that's cool
now articulation wise the head is on a
ball joint you got a lot of Wiggly
waggly going on you can look you can
look down and
you can look up a lot do a total
squirrel or you can use that
transformation joint and do a total
squirrel and then some Square sare bend
it flying
forward that's fun and of course uh it
can rotate do a full 360 with getting it
chin out from up those sharp pieces arms
can only go up that far and back that
far you got a joint at the shoulder here
you got a joint at just above the uh
bicep here so you got some range of
movement you have this joint if you want
to dislocate anyway but still you can
give you good poses this way and of
course uh
arms can do like rotate at the
I get 90° of Bend there that you got
hand rotation there you got a little
inward outward rotation if you open this
up that's maybe do for
transformation you have waist rotation
legs before that far back then go that
far outward you can pretty much full
spit yeah thigh
rotation you get a really good range of
knee Bend there it's like over 90
degrees of band the knee feet can go up
a little bit can go down and can can't
go go down
you got a little bit of ankle tilted
there now as far as this weapons go of
course uh you can do them multiple ways
so of course you can hold them in this
hands come on work me here there we go
can hold him in his hands he can zap zap
zap zap
like without the rock
like BL BL I don't think you get any
bles within that tiny hole I'm wondering
though let's see this small I mean M was
like nope but can that work can it
work not really okay what we tried it's
like we did something that he didn't but
aside from that of course
uh we can put these on this back and I
can store on there like that be like
nobody in the comment be like hey that
one ConEd would when she put them on the
back anyway but there you go and of
course with a full upright hit and that
there you go like RAR
SP
delightful and then of course the fun
detail those on this back just because
going open these up
foot the hands
in I just mention this since he didn't
mention so of course uh with the little
Stinger on there just like that it's
kind of awkward you think about the
position of that Stinger it's like um
okay how am I supposed to sting
something like this I mean even just
like it looks like he wants a hand out
hey give me give me some change give me
some change we're not thaty
nope I think obviously you could do a
little work around with that just turn
one be like that's a little better
that's a little
better all right so we just get that
there just go ahead put that there and I
put the two
together and you got that good that
lovely little bit of two headed Stinger
action going
up up this
let's see here let's see if we can do
this let's do this live on
camera kind of sort of you know what
that works I'll take it so yeah now we
can do a lovely zapping bumba Lumber I
don't have a Graphic blue so I apologize
for do
noise and then Fe F fall
off
and for
comparon here is Bumble lumba with nfz
Bumblebee
with pun
slav
with
Wy
with
a t be updated
cracker
with a to be
updated scel ass
vessel
with
FR and here's how Bumble lumba Compares
and scale with the other the combiners a
quick fill including combiner form and
Selena here is how Bumble MBA scales
with the trio of about Chris Chan
between the origin form on the right the
main CH Chris Chan Prime iot in the
center and of course uh the combiner
form Chris Chand in the the left along
with rung in both
ways he hears how bumble scales with San
at Selena silver armor Prowler and Jet
an awesome Dynamic battle scene we
they're defending the city a quick
bill with Legacy animated
Bumblebee and of course last but not
least here he is with the original
animated bumble B because he's so
precious oh so precious
so there you go and yeah as I do really
love I really like this figure I mean
just size quality and update to uh just
you know M mates update to the precious
figure mentioned earlier it's actually
is quite good I like the uh how it can
stand good on his feet makes good good
shorts just obviously if I was to give
it like a little comparative mod maybe
just like you know the ends of the arms
where the bo where the little Stingers
could connect to could be more flat
that's more grievance with it but they
have to give it like do something to
make it like
connect you know give something go back
and forth there that would more easier
and hey who hasn't thought about us
actually using the rocket boosters to
give him fight because that's one thing
they can do I mean I think that was also
portrayed that was also portrayed some
sometimes anyway yeah there you go
Bumble Lumber can fly but he's not a
bumblebee but anyway aside from that if
you want to hear the back story for
Bumble laba and all the other
individuals of the alots of quickfi you
can look at that previous live stream I
did so there you go now I pick this up
in a l collab personally with
Hasbro and you might be able find this
on Hasbro Pearl sooner and later but if
you would like the similar figure you
can always get the Transformers anime B
big figure from Hasbro Pro even like big
btoy store.com or your local Target your
local Walmart whichever comes up at that
time but anyway I think that's about it
so there you go you don't stop saying
you don't stop playing because you're
grow old gr because you stop playing big
gek be
proud
[Applause]
F okay so everybody knows this
particular outtake that we are doing
right now is not canon with the present
animated project in progress thank you
all very much for your continued support
and have a lovely blessed safe day
yay I love a good pizza bagel from this
CIA quick
F hey Optimus a bu good to see you again
yeah you call see you call for me sir
yes I have actually a very serious
situation what you look at I need you
get roll out over here I mean I know he
on duty but between him and Ratchet they
might be able to figure out this little
problem I have what's that
sir do you see this Bumble Lumber my
matri is
blinking your Matrix is blinking even I
don't know what that means I mean you're
want to as no the hell on to it for so
long it's been going off and on like
this for quite some time now even I'm
still Perle I think it's trying to tell
me something what you think it's trying
to tell you
Optimus
maybe what's matter Buble Lum I just got
download information from Cybertron and
the AC records and everything
he oh
my wow I didn't take my Matrix had that
effect on
anyone H okay it's stop bling not posing
like
normal I guess I had NY bit of
information I need to upload to
somebody or might been that pizza bag go
I had while we were at Texas just
yesterday
Transcript
Transcript
[holds up Sonichu figure]
Sonichu: [voiced by Chris] Bay la da dumba lumba. Bay la da dumba jumba Bumblebee. Buzzing around... Yeah no, that's not Bumblebee. That's Bumba Lumba. This video has been a long time coming. In the set of the CWCville Autobots!
[Chris makes noise with his mouth as text appears on screen]
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Chris: Heyyy what's up YouTubers! Christ Chan here and tod- and another freaky OC review and today we will be reviewing of the CWCville Autobot team Transformers Legacy CWCville edition BUMBA LUMBA and so here we are and there he is. And first and foremost there's a [picks up the box and brings it closer to the camera] let's go take a quick look at the packaging so we have from- we got here this lovely little box of this [unintelligible] Legacy United Animated Universe Bumblebee. So we got the front [stammers] it's a- it's a deluxe class • classe deluxe, deluxe-klasse • clase de lujo Transformers! On the side of the box you got half a lovely piece of artwork, and I say half because look like it's like it's another half of a picture there. Other side of the box you got lovely part lovely mold of pictures of the of the old Bumble Meister. And then top of the box this lovely little flap. And bottom [unintelligible] barcodes. And on the back of the box you have your obligatory [mimics Transformers transformation sound?] that's basically for... [throws the box off camera] the packaging. [video cuts] And moving right along here is our lovely little Bumba Lumba, two words Bumba Lumba. [autistic singing] It's a lovely little souped up sports car with a lovely flea mar- on look at it, rise of the phoenix, can you rise? RISE OF THE PHOENIX! [makes a noise] Huhh anyway, let's take a look around all this lovely vehicle. So in front here we got the grille and headlights looking all nice and good looking and all that, got the fire bird there. All nice and green. You got the side of the vehicle. Its got like a hole here and a hole there which is- like at least that's a good looking painted window. There's the back of the vehicle complete with TAIL LIGHTS HEY you better break when the lights flash red vvv vvv vvv vvv. There's the other side, so- there's the top, there's the bottom. It does roll [slides the toy car back and forth on the table] as well as [unintelligible] slide [unintelligible] [stops sliding the toy car back and forth] sliding light things... And for comparison [Netflix Bumblebee toy is placed on the table] here he is with Netflix Bumblebee. [grabs Netflix Bumblebee toy and moves it off camera and the video cuts] [Earthrise Optimus Prime toy is placed on the table] And of course here's Bumba with the good old standard comparison with Earthrise Optimus Prime.
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Can you rise?
Bumba Lumba: I think I can Optimus. But I know, I know Son-Chu can, he's done it more times than I have. Yeah [unintelligible] from the other dimension heh.
Chris: [rolls Earthrise Optimus Prime toy offscreen and video cuts again] [Punislav is placed on the table] Punislav of the dece- of the PVC Citizen Decepti-Clones. [takes Punislav offscreen and grabs Gwenmi Mikoto and places it on the table] With Gwenmi Mikoto in a lovely old cybertronic pickup truck. [grabs Gwenmi Mikoto and moves it off camera and the video cuts] Here is Bumba Lumba [places Cybertron Deluxe Skywarp on the table] with Cybertronian Thundercracker needs to desperately to be like Crackder [grabs Cybertron Deluxe Skywarp and moves it off camera and the video cuts] And here's Bumba Lumba with [places Swindle (Animated) toy on the table] Animated Swindle that is also going to be repainted to be more like an S.A.V. (Scoundrel as Vessel). [grabs the Swindle (Animated) toy and moves it off camera and the video cuts to an assortment of Transformers toys on the table] And here he is with all the other autobots of CWCville the top five or so hehh... which they will each get their respective review videos not too long from now until I can redo Son-Chu's video because I had so much noise in the original video I had the PlayStation. So yeah, of course there's Jet goes with Armoraxe over there, but hey options they're good, they're good. [video cuts to a different assortment of Transformers toys on the table] And here is Bumba Lumba with our CWCville combiner team including combiner mode Excelina far in the back there. [video cuts again to a different assortment of Transformers toys on the table] Here he is with autobot Chris Chan Prime and all her three forms between origin, main, and combiner limb form. [video cuts to just Bumba Lumba on the table] ...with [places Legacy Animated Bumblebee toy on the table] Legacy Animated Bumblebee. [grabs the toy and brings it back off camera and video cuts] And of course with the original [places original Animated Bumblebee toy on the table] Animated Bumblebee because it's precious! Also sticky animated precious! ZOOM! [video cuts] And of course Bumba Lumba does come with some accessories. [places the accessories on the table] Get a pair of lovely stingers. Bzz bzz, bzz bzz. Zap it up to the extreme. You got all the lovely silver paint on the transparent blue plastic which I feel like that's the way it works. And you got these lovely little turbo rockets that at silver paint and just all good and all that. And of course to store these in vehicle mode because you don't have a port for those stingers here, and put them onto these... pockets and put them right here on the door like that just pushing forward push. [slides the toy car back and forth on the table and then stops] And of course uhh you know it's blasting forward whichever way you want or of course you can store it back here as was the case with the original vehicle. [screams precious and pushes Animated Bumblebee across the table] Oh so precious woo! [video cuts] So that is basically it for the vehicle mode, so let's get down to the transformation shall we. [spins Bumba Lumba around] Let's get a really good spin on him, spin it, spin it to win! Woo, woo, woo! Hehheh delightful, delightful. Alright so let me just rotate the camera up a little bit. Okay, right down to it. Course move the [?]. And what I like doing on this uh I- I say we start by folding up what's in the trunk, so we just split the shoulders up just pop that up there and then we pull these out. Pull them like that doo doo. At this point we can just go ahead, go and take the hands out. Close that up. See the little flip arms, they close up like that and we just want to wiggle these out, they're on a double hinge. And we definitely want to get that down to business, so we are going to bring down the legs. Work with it as you got do as you want, but anyway bring that down you want to rotate that 180. And then let that click let that click into place. I'll just go ahead and put these elbows in the right orientation... Hehh... And then let's see, oh right got to split the legs and then we flip the hoods up, pull these black sections down those be his kneecaps. Sometimes it can be a little tricky, might need a makeshift splitter for that. There you go. And give that a 180 rotation... Hmm put the heel spurs out the knees and then rotate put the feet down you close up the gaps here... And of course you just rotate this vvoop. And then reveal the lovely Bumba Lumba Meister mode and shift the shoulders up. And that is pretty much basically uh we done, yes we're done. Weee done. And that is b- and that is, there you go. There you have Bumba Lumba in his robot mode. I say its simplicity and size is small in stature. This works even for an update of an animated feature. So let's get in, let's look in those det- let's get close ups soon not on those che- not on tha- chest bu- where's the autofocus on this camera. Oh well, we'll just make do with what we have but. You got this lovely detail on his face. Cute little smirk, his eyes, this lovely little painted black crest on the head just like you see on the Secret Shipfic Folder card. Those are going to be available on the Etsy store soon! Pluf for the Etsy store! The money does go.
Bumba Lumba: The money does go to Chris Chan Prime, she gets that money so you go on the Etsy store. You buy and purchase from there. She gets a big chunk of that money. You are doing a good service for her like that, okay. There's a shameless plug, they got time to show.
Chris: Anyway so we do look down got a lovely look at those flames and then just love if you got like those flames. It's like a nice update, when you look at that picture from that particular card that was just mentioned. And then go up the back. Feels little heels, you got a little backpack going on there, that's cool. Articulation wise, the head is on a ball, you got a lot of wiggly waggly going on. You can look, he can look down and up a- he can look up a lot! Do a total squirrel or he can use that transformation joint into a total squirrel and then some. Squirrel squirrel. B- flying forward Jjooo hehehh. That's fun and of course he can rotate and do a full 360 with getting the chin out from above the sharp pieces. Arms can only go up that far and back that far. You got a joint at the shoulder here. You got a joint at just above the uh bicep here. So you got some range of movement, you have this joint if you want to dislocate anyway. But still you can give you good poses this way and of course uh arms can do like rotate at the bicep, careful. You get 90 degrees of bend there that you got hand rotation there. You got a little inward outward rotation if you open this up. That's make do for transformation. You have waist rotation. Legs... go that far back then go that far outward. You can pretty much do a full splits. You have thigh rotation. You got a really good range of knee bend there. It's like over 90 degrees of bend at the knee. Feet can go up a little bit, can go down and ca- can't go down. You got a little bit of ankle tilt there. [video cuts] Now as far as his weapons go. Of course uh you can do them multiple ways, so of course you can hold them in his hands... Come on, work here. There we go. You can hold them in his hands he can zap zap, zap zap pew pew ba ba. Or like without the rocket [?]. Zap zap, dooboosh, zap zap, bloosh bloosh. I don't think you can get any blooshes within that tiny hole. I'm wondering though, let's see there's more bloosh I mean Emgo was like nope. But did that work, did that work, not really. Okay, well we tried it's like disappointing he didn't. But aside from that of course uh we can put these on his back and I could store on there like that. Be like somebody in the comment section be like "hey, that one connected when she put them on the back". Anyway but there you go and of course with a full upright hit and that, there you go. Be like boosh into outer space. Byeerrsh brooosh berrrsh hehheh oooo delightful. And then of course the fun detail. [unintelligible mumbling] because. Open these up, flip the hands in... I will just mention this since he didn't mention it, so of course uh put this little stinger on there just like that. It's kind of awkward when you think about the position of that stinger. It's like um how am I supposed to sting something like this? I mean even just [stutters] it is like he wants a hand out. "Hey give me give me some change, give me some change we're not happy", nope ehehehh. I think obviously we could do a little work around with that just turn one be like that's a little better that's a little better. Alright so we just get that there. Just go ahead put that there. And I put two together and you got that good that lovely little bit of two-heading stinger action going like bzz, bzz, bzz bzz bzz, bzz, bzz zap it up to the extreme bzz bzzps. Let's see here, let's see if we can do this. Let's do this live on camera. Kind of, sort of? Eh-you know what that works, I'll take it. So yeah, now we can do a lovely zapping Bumba Lumba! I don't have a graphic for this so, I apologize for that so I'll do [?] here. BOOOOOOOOOOOOSH! [the laser accessory falls off the Bumba Lumba toy] And then it completely fe- fell off. Hahehehehehh. [video cuts] And for comparison, here is Bumba Lumba with [Netflix Bumblebee toy is placed on the table] Netflix Bumblebee. [grabs Netflix Bumblebee toy and moves it off camera] With... [Punislav is placed on the table] Punislav. [grabs Punislav and moves it off camera] With... [Gwenmi Mikoto is placed on the table] Gwenmi. [grabs Gwenmi Mikoto and moves it off camera] With... [Cybertron Deluxe Skywarp is placed on the table] a to be updated Crackder. [grabs Cybertron Deluxe Skywarp and moves it off camera] With... [Swindle (Animated) toy is placed on the table] a to be updated Scoundrel as Vessel. [grabs Swindle (Animated) and moves it off camera and video cuts] With... [Earthrise Optimus Prime toy is placed on the table] Prime. [grabs Earthrise Optimus Prime and moves it off camera and video cuts to an assortment of Transformers toys on the table] And here's how Bumba Lumba compares in scale with the other the combiners of CWCville including combiner form Excelina. [video cuts to a different assortment of Transformers toys on the table] Here's how Bumba Lumba scales with the trio of of uh Chris Chans between the origin form on the right, the main Christ- Chris Chan Prime autobot in the center, and of course uh the combiner form Chris Chan on the da left along with rung in both ways. [video cuts to a different assortment of Transformers toys on the table] And here's how Bumba Lumba scales with Son-Chu, Excelina, Silver, Armoraxe, Prowler, and Jet. An awesome dynamic battle scene where they're defending the city of CWCville. Hehehh. [video cuts to just Bumba Lumba on the table] With [Legacy Animated Bumblebee toy is placed on the table] Legacy Animated Bumblebee. [grabs Legacy Animated Bumblebee and moves it off camera and video cuts] And of course last but not least. Here he is with the original [places original Animated Bumblebee toy on the table] Animated Bumble Baby because he's so preciouuuus! Oh so preciouuuuuuuuuus! Jjoo. [grabs original Animated Bumblebee and moves it off camera and video cuts] So there you go and yeah as [?] I do really love I really like this figure. I mean just size quality and updated to uh just you know [?] updated to precious figure mention earlier. It's actually is quite good. I like the uh how it can stand good on his feet, makes really good shorts. Just obviously if I was to give it like a little comparative mod, maybe just like you know the ends of the arms where the boo- where the little stingers could connect to could be more flat. That's my one grievance with it, but they have to give it like do something to make it like connect there and then make it like you know go vvv vvv
vvv vvv you know give it something to go back and forth there that would glide more easier. And hey, who hasn't thought about us- actually using the rocket boosters to give him FLIGHT? Because that's one thing they can do. I mean I think that was also portrayed- that was also portrayed sometime. Anyway yeah there you go Bumba Lumba can fly, but he's not a Bumblebee. But anyway aside from that, if you want to heat the backstory for Bumba Lumba and all the other individuals of the autobots of CWCville you can look at that previous live stream I did, so there you go. [video cuts] Now I pick this up in a lovely little collab personally with Hasbro hehh. And you might be able to find this on Hasbro Pro sooner or later, but if you would like the similar figure you can always get the Transformers Animated Bumblebee figure from Hasbro Pro or even like bigbadtoystore.com or your local Target, your local Walmart, whichever comes up at that time. But anyway I think that's about it, so there you go. You don't stop sayi- you don't stop playing because you grow old grow old because you stop playing. Be geek, be proud. PFFFAAAAALM! [Chris puts his hand on the camera lens and video cuts to Christine Doll 2.0]
Christine Doll: Okay so everybody knows this particular outtake that we are doing right now is not canon with the present animated project in progress. Thank you all very much for your continued support and have a lovely blessed safe day. Yay! [video cuts to an outtake from Past Ideas Reemerging]
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Hmm. I love a good pizza bagel from the city of CWCville. [video cuts]
Bumba Lumba: Hey Optimus.
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Ah Bumba Lumba. Good to see you again.
Bumba Lumba: Yeah, you got to see a call from me sir?
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Yes, I have actually a very serious situation I want you to look at. I need you to get Rollout over here. I mean, I know he is on duty, but between him and Ratchet. They might be able to figure out this little problem I have.
Bumba Lumba: What's that sir?
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Do you see this Bumba Lumba? My matrix is blinking.
Bumba Lumba: Your matrix is blinking? Even I know what that means. I mean you're the one that has that held on to it for so long.
Earthrise Optimus Prime: It's been going on like this for quite some time now. Even I'm still perplexed. I think it's trying to tell me something.
Bumba Lumba: What do you think it's trying to tell you Optimus?... Maybe.
Earthrise Optimus Prime: What's the matter Bumba Lumba?
Bumba Lumba: I just got download information from Cybertron and the Akashic Records and everything I... Oh my mind's got all this information inside my head [speaks gibberish] after this [more gibberish] [Bumba Lumba takes off offscreen]
Earthrise Optimus Prime: Wow, I didn't think my matrix had that effect on anyone. [video cuts] Hm. Okay it stopped blinking now it's pulsing like normal. Hm. I guess I added some bit of information that needs to upload to somebody. [video cuts] Or it might have been that pizza bagel I had while we were in Texas just yesterday.
3rd upload
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Bumba Lumba
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
27 November 2024
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Jesus Christ Chan - Shadow Generations Speed Run
next Son-Chu Review Skit Redux
Description
Review of the (Cwcville Autobot) Bumba-Lumba figure of Transformers Legacy Merged.
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
References
↑ December 2024 social media posts#Bumba Lumba
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240102122448/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vltJSlDuluE
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ Transformers - Past Ideas Reemerging - Part 2
Chris's videos
Animate! Raleigh ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Bumba-Lumba&oldid=354533"