Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Decepticlone Punislav... yay
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Decepticlone_Punislav..._yay
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Decepticlone Punislav... yay is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel on 22 August 2025. This video is a part of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Raw captions
1.3 Transcript
Video
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Decepticlone Punislav... yay
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
22 August 2025
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Crackder the First
next Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina
Description
Review of the Decepticlone Punislav figure of Transformers Legacy United Merged.
Bio on box typed on Cwclight:
[Link to Transformers bios]
Playlist for Transformers Legacy United Merged figures:
[Link to playlist]
Playlist for Punicrackder-V:
[Link to playlist]
Past Ideas Reemerging movie playlist:
[Link to playlist]
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
Backups.
Backups. Backups.
Backups. Because those cups are on the
take. But what do you expect for the
energy they make? Better as a bot or as
a car. They could go really excessively
far. Backups.
Backups. Backups.
Backups. But seriously though. Yeah.
Seriously.
Freaking shark cops.
Yeah. Hey, what's up everybody on
YouTube? Jesus Christ Prime here once
again and today we are looking at the
next figure this wave of Transformers
Galaxy Burge Decepticone Punis
Slav. So yes, here we are. And there's
this up
jerk
cop. Let's get a ghost right here. Look
at the
packaging. So, right out front here, we
got a well, not the best looking art of
the car. I mean, just like I feel like
somebody mooshed up on that hood there.
Just not that great. Maybe the jerkoff
was turning left. Anyway, Transformers
Lego Decepticone Pund Slav and on the
side of you got the rather simplistic AR
artwork of the uh more common pun slab
as opposed to PL the first apparently
he's got the most views on his video
compared to even the other Transformers
in this line. Are you there? Anyway, so
yeah, guys,
simplistic art of the Morcon Puzzl and
yeah, Puzzl and Cyber. Now the focus
works on the side of the box, you got
half of the lovely poster artwork going
on right there. Yep. And let's see. Yep,
there's a top and there's the B with the
stage barcodes. And on the back of the
box, you have your obligatory product
does this, that, and the other. It can
become an armor leg for Pun for Punic
Cracker Bay. and a lovely little bio if
you want to read that as well. This will
also be on the bio page on the
quickflight. And that's basically it for
the packaging. And moving right along
here, we have the more common the punish
type of pun left. The diamond dozen p
the diamond dozen
decept. And yep, he's a brown black
brownish brown and black police car. You
shot? I know I am. the freaking do bunch
of jerk cops. But let's get closer here.
Look at the uh details. So, you got
silver her headlights and fenders and
there's a Decepticon symbol right there.
Apparently, something messed up on the
um shade of brown right here, but I
guess that uh gives it a little bit
better appeal. And then they got the
side of the uh vehicle right there. It's
like a
police. Jerk cop is more like it for the
side of that
car. Anyway, but they had to like
protect that. They have to be protected.
Police cars, you know. Anyway, yeah,
there's the back of the car with the
tail lights. There is the top and there
is the bottom. Yeah, he does roll as I
think should. Ready for rolling
up pretend to be police cars type of
boats.
and for comparison. So, here is the
Decepticone with the CC82 right
there.
Yeah.
With Christian
Prime, I get decent center.
Yeah,
with
Optimus
with
Sonu and here it is alongside the quick
field combiner team of all bots. Wave,
roll out, Arborats, Fireshot, and
Chapper. And he's definitely under
custody for impersonating police.
She
Yes. And we have here a group shot of
one of each of all three Decepticones.
And of course, the first Punislav, the
first crafter, and the first
SAVV. And um Yep. Well, we got their
attention here. So, I'll give you the
side the better side by comparison of
just the two jerk cops right here. So,
got that going
on. Give you that shot as well.
the youngster Erdo
Ben. And there's the Morama Jerkop
alongside Makoto Egg
Crusher
with
Megatron and with our special guest Mold
Bait comparison. Here he is with Kabider
Wars Street wise. There you go. an
actual an actual police car with a fake
police
car. I'mma run you in. I'm going to
smash right into you. Just make sure you
run
in. And now making this encore
appearance within these reviews. Here is
the more common punch lab with movie one
barricade because it's
precious. Also jerk and offensive
precious.
So, there you
go. All right. So, you get three
accessories with this guy. You get uh
the little gun right here all done in
blue with the little bits of details all
about molded in and all that blue
plastic. Looks like a little bit paint
or something right there. Anyway, yeah,
we'll just go ahead and uh pop that
right there because that's a bit more
common thing to do in that mode. And of
course, you get the combiner mode uh
hand. I forgot to mention this last
video, but yeah, this thing can also be
a foot. I might have mentioned this with
the uh in the Decepticone Cfter video,
but there you go. There you go. You can
make a foot out of this as well. But
since we have feet going with uh cra
with craft of the first, it's like you
don't really need this in feet mode for
us. That type of foot actually works
better than as opposed to this. So
alternatively, yes, you can uh put that
up here and you have
uh this gun mode going on. Oh, actually,
yeah, here you go. You can pop that in
there. You have that going on. So, yeah,
there you go. Just uh drive along and
jerk bang bang bang
bang. Anyway, so then also it
gets its own buzz saw. So, yep. Every
jerk up is a buzz saw to really disrupt
the poor citizens. H not really too much
ample real estate left after all this
cuz I mean look around all over this uh
thing that just has the uh Oh, there's
that five port back there. I suppose if
you wanted to see if we could do
this. Yeah, there you go. Butt gun. And
put this up here. And yeah, this work.
Yeah, there you go. There you go. But
saw and the buzz saw does little saw
does spin. It does rotate. So yeah, your
accessories for this
thing. All right, so that's basically it
for vehicle bus. Let's get a
transformation, shall we?
Let's decent spin for a faking up
jerk up car. Pardon the language in that
one moment. But yeah, they really offend
me. Grave me. All right, so we're going
to go into combine mode first as uh
typically usual for these combiner bots.
Uh but yeah, essentially. So we're going
to leg mode. So you want to take this
part here. You might have to take a
fingernail. It's a bit easier if you
undo the hood as
well. Anyway,
just get that a little bit to get this
out. So, get your finger. Ah, here we
go. Get your fingernail in there and
pull that out like that. And then you
take all this. This goes all the way
back like so. Why is that? Oh, I got a
little tight. It's a double inch right
there. Why is this tight on my copy?
There we go. There we go. Okay. And then
you take the combiner peg and you fold
that out. And there you go. Now, I
suppose in foot, um, this jerk cop could
potentially kick
ass. Yeah, I'd rather kick its ass.
Anyway, so now we go into arm mode. So,
we want to put that kabir peg out to the
side. We're going to split the
legs. secure. Anyway, this time I copied
so you know it's secure. Anyway, so we
got that going on. You want to rotate
this out. You want and you're knowing
that the knees are getting rotated in.
So, but remember that just shortly. So,
you just continue on with that and get
as far as you could. And then make sure
those knee joints are right there and
aligned. And you get that down. You take
this uh part right here. You rotate
that. You rotate that down. Get these
legs together. Now, you want to take the
arms here on the side. Go ahead and
throw them out like that. There's this
little tab right here that's going to go
into this groove right there. You just
want
to There you go. Just make sure you get
that in there. And same thing on the
other side. Just put that up. Pop the
little tab into the groove right there.
And then uh just uh either way you want
to go. But yeah, there you go. There's
this uh jerk cup as an arm. Yeah. And of
course, you know the deal. The whole
deal. can uh get you could get your full
range arm moving right there or get your
less than 90° bend or up to 90° if you
rotate. But anyway, that's the the arm
mode. Now, of course, robot mode. So,
we'll just go and get that orientated
the right way. We'll go ahead and take
the arms out and uh pull the hands out
like so. You definitely need a bit of a
fingernail for
that. And you just uh get those down. We
get
unnot. So, go ahead and split the legs.
Take the comb peg. Pull that down. And
then all this right here. Just want make
sure that combiner that tubble hitch is
up like that. And then you take this up.
And uh just essentially want just go
ahead almost go back to half the vehicle
mode. You got tabs slots right there.
These tabs are going to go into. So
that's secure. And then you take this
part top half. Come on. Come
on. There we go. So, yeah, that just it
goes upside down like that, but then you
go down right there. And uh Yep, there
you go. That is basically the more
common
punish. If I can get to stand up
straight now and I can take the camera
down. There's the more common punish in
its robot mode. And it's decently packed
in robot mode. I see. He looks better
asleep than the old bed, doesn't it?
Yeah. Just obviously she's a youngster.
He's a young
man. So, let's get a closeup here. Look
at the details. So, obviously for the
head sculpt, we got uh this uh silver
bug, lots of silver on it, and uh red
for the eyes. And just uh lots of
browns, some silver, some reds, and
blacks. And then going down the crotch,
going down a few full view joint, full
view. And then uh Yep. And then going up
the back, there's the uh hood of the car
for the backpack. And just, you know,
that's the thing right there. But
yeah. Yeah. Articulation wise, what have
we got? I'm going to tell you. So, all
right. So, the head is on ball joint.
So, you got a little bit of wiggly wag.
You can look up only a tiny bit and can
harden it up down. Um, you only get a
little bit of side to side movement due
to just how tight this thing is. At
least it might copy. So, your mouse
should bury. It's not going to do a full
360, but feel 360. But, at least you get
side to side. Arms can rotate a full 360
and they can move in and out. You got
that shoulder joint that can go all the
way up and all the way down if you
needed to. You have bicep rotation and
um you got over 90 degrees of bend at
the elbow and uh no wrist rotation, but
they can the hands can move in and out
if you need them to. You have waist
rotation. The legs can move forward that
far, back that far,
outward that far. Definitely cannot do a
full split. Got thigh rotation right
there.
a little bit over 90 degrees bend there
at the uh knee. You can't really take
advant You can't really take advantage
of the double joint right there. But
anyway, and there's no movement at the
feet. Okay, so let's run to those
accessories one more time for the robot
mode. You have like five mills on either
side as well. So you got your weapon
storage right there. But yeah, you can
give him the uh buzz saw and either
hand. And of course, you can give him
the uh little gun. And on that basic
level, we can pew pew pack. Pew pew buzz
buzz pew pew buzz buzz and all that good
stuff. But then of course
um you know how this works, gun mode,
all that. So that can get a little bit
more fun this way. And just um yeah,
there you go. There's a little bit of
extra pew pew pew pew to go with the
buzz buzz and all that. So yeah, there
you go. That's a bit full arm
weaponizing right there. But yes, the
basic gun right there is Blouch
compatible. Yes, that's right. So we can
uh take a Blouch and uh pop it right
there and we could do a big old faked up
jerk
cop. And it was a very weak blouch. just
want like
a that shows you how cheap these guys
are. They're a dime a dozen. They're so
much. They're so cheap. Their shots are
cheap and weak. And now for
comparison. Here it is with
CCA2
with Christian
Prime
with
Sonu
with
Optimus. And here he is in an
apprehended type of situation alongside
uh row out and chapper. The claw is on
him as well as armoratire shot and
wave. And here is the deceptic clone and
the group shot with the first and the
other one of one of each of the other
two deceptic clones between uh the
crackctors the savs and par. First, here
it is alongside Bakoto and
Crusher
with
Megs and of course the mold comparison
with Gabby War Street
wise and of
course for the last time you be able to
see it within this series. So here he is
with movie one barricade because it's
precious freaking fracken to punish and
enslave kind
of
precious. So there you go. And there you
go. That is Decepticone and Punl. And
yeah, you know, decent figure. You know,
of course it's the bargain basement
variant of the uh Pun Slim as opposed to
the first. But yeah, I mean all these
things are so common they should be
there are practically at time a dozen
and of course you know what they did
what they do they go out to be jerk
hopish and yada yada yada yada yada
yada yada and I noticed I gave you an
awkward cut but I forgot to put that
back up. So you might have just noticed
that a moment ago but anyway so I did
pick this one up from Target as well.
these these guys are popping up in your
Targets and your Walmarts and uh Big Bad
Toy Store, Entertainment Arts and Amazon
and all that. So, uh yeah, between that
and uh don't forget check me out my
socials like you know with my blue sky
and of course on my quick lights and
links to those will be in the
description down below and I think
that's it. So this is transformers leg
decepticone punchl and this is Jesus
Christ Joni prime saying remember you
don't stop play because you grow you
grow because you stop play be geek be
proud you're under arrest you check
up about two and a half hours
later sheesh wow this is looking too
good yeah I agree With those
Decepticones and cons over there between
both places, they're that shaped like
got something going on. I can only
imagine what they're playing. But my
intuition gives me a good, fair,
educated
guess. Hi Chris. Hey Selena. So what's
going on right now? Well, Sonia, it
looks like apparently Glim Makoto and
their Decepticons and Cons are uh
looking for a bit of a John and actually
that make another attempt on the J
electric plant. We just seen a few
actually working that way. We despite
Crafted the first and a team of cons and
clones going to the volcano island just
off the coast.
Yeah, I don't have a good feeling about
this, especially considering my air they
can get out of a volcano. I mean,
whatever it is they're doing with the
parts they're looking to get from the
ger plant and all that air, John, it
can't be anything good. I agree, Selena.
It cannot be anything good. I mean,
aside from just what all that other
damage Motto had done years before. I
wonder what she's up to now with all
these tools and error. on I think
they're actually dividing their teams
between the two places is they think we
can't take the bout in one shot divide
our team think we got quick bots not so
quick but with craft the first actually
being back in commission and actually on
the volcan island we're definitely to
send Metatron over there this was the GE
plant unfortunately armor ads and roll
out are actually on another mission with
Jazz and cliff jumper they're not going
to be able to help us out either way
well looks like I'm going to have to go
in combine mode and actually help out
battle the volcano island with the
others. And not only am I going to have
to lead the team, but I'm going to have
to be a component of the combiner mode
as well once again. That's okay. I think
Sonu will be able to handle things at
the GE plant. And we'll have to ask
Optimus Prime for a few more bots to
help us out just to be safe. Well, that
sounds like a plan, Chris. And
fortunately, between Optimus Prime and
Lear One, we'll be able to actually have
great success on all
this. Hi guys. So, unfortunately, I just
saw some Decepticons flying overhead.
Going really fast eastward. Going really
fast. How fast were they going, Sparky?
Well, I'd say they're going beyond Mach
3. Mach 3. Thank goodness that we have
no time. I see. Well, I'll have to
teleport myself, Etselina, and Fireshot
to the Volcano Island. At Sonu, you'll
have to go and lead the team right away
to the General Electric
plant. You can call on me, Chris. I'll
get Silver and the others to help you
out at the GE plant and I'll call
Optimus Prime for some more troops.
Autobots and Guardians, let's transform
and roll out.
[Music]
Meanwhile,
I already told you those crates go over
there. You better get right or you're
going to have a bad time. All right.
Well, Crusher, despite your mess ups and
buns you did while I was away, you
managed to actually make a bit of a
success around here. But still, don't
ever distrust me like that again. You
You disobey me again. And I'll give you
the real slammer to Psycho and Megatron.
Well, after I stomp my frustrations out,
it ended up being easier to let go of
the fact that you threw me a few miles
away. Although, I will say that is an
exaggerated number. But still, that
hurt. I never crashed so hard to anyone
in my life. Not even Turbo is as hard as
cracked to the first is. He slams it on
me. I feel it. But then I slam the
cracker. Did I really feel it? But I
guess I'll give it to you this time. A
coto baby. This time know if you fight
me, I'll definitely thunder stop your
foot and make you feel it
hard. You do that to me and then I'll
definitely see you in the barracks.
Crasher. Ah, but left, sir. Boss lady
crusher. Uh, cracker, sir. I come with
good news. All the other job process
isn't making good standards and the
Decepticones have made it to the gerric
plant. They only encountered a few
Autobots, but the Autobots are not
actually winning so easily. That might
be good news, but you never know when
there's going to be more of them coming
about. Yeah, I think so. Unfortunately,
Megatron's got the team over there, so
we stand a chance of at least getting
what we need for that plant this time.
Yeah, that's a good thing. Yeah, you're
damn right. That's a good thing. I made
sure it worked this time. You brilliant
planning, didn't I,
Crasher? If you say so, Makoto,
whatever. All right. Well, sir, I'm
going to get back to work cutting air,
but it's an honor to give you this
message, sir. Yeah, it's a good thing
you did, too. Bring some more of this
air. There's some really good stuff. I
could drink it all day, you know. Yes,
sir. P, sir. I'll be sure to get you
some of the finest and freshest that we
collected. See y'all later. Bam. Sir,
sir.
Pressure. They're naive, stupid jerk
cuts. But at least they'll be decent to
their superiors. Well, still considering
what Chris Chad Prime would do. I would
not play past them to actually get by
our guard so quickly and easy. Honestly,
yeah. Well, you know what? You get her
truck easy and then you have her off her
high off her horse. Shut up.
You get one more Gog cube and that's
that. Then you get back to work. All
right, fine.
[Music]
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Crackder the First
Chris's videos
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Decepticlone_Punislav..._yay&oldid=353343"