Title: Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Combiner_Mode_Chris-Chan_Prime
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2025, Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube
================================================================================

Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime is a video uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel on 5 September 2025. This video is a part of Chris's Light Powered Cwclight Reviews series.
Contents
1 Video
1.1 Description
1.2 Raw captions
1.3 Transcript
Video
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
5 September 2025
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing
Saga
Praetor Praetor
Shirt
Not visible
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina
next Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video
Description
Review of the (Combiner Mode) Chris-Chan Prime figure of Transformers Legacy United Merged.
Bio on box typed on Cwclight:
[Link to Transformers bios]
Playlist for Transformers Legacy United Merged figures:
[Link to playlist]
Past Ideas Reemerging movie playlist:
[Link to playlist]
Follow me on BlueSky:
[Link to Bluesky profile]
You can buy Transformers toys and accessories at BigBadToyStore
[Link to BigBadToyStore]
Official Cwclight Website, Blog and Store
[Link to Cwclight]
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
To Be Continued song generated by suno.com (AI Generated Music).
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
Well, what else is there to say? I'm
evolving. I'm developing. I'm growing.
I'm upgrading. I'm
updating. I am
multitasking. And you know what? In all
that, that's just prime.
[Music]
Hey, what's up everybody on YouTube?
Jesus Christi Prime here once again and
today we are recording yet another
version of my Cyberronian self
counterpart combiner mode autobot
Christian Prime. So here we are and
there she is and first and foremost as
always we'll take a quick look at the
packaging. So right up front we got a
lovely little bit artwork of Christian
Prime in their combined mode
vehicle
class
combin artwork of her and her combiner
boat if you know just she has a sword
and shields going around the front of
the box and uh Got the uh got the little
lasers though. I will go ahead and just
state this as well. And you guys see on
the back of the box at the moment I
suppose the original figure. This figure
does not come with the uh guns that go
on the shoulder with the wings. No. No.
Yeah. Oh well. Anyway, here you go.
Chris Chad Prime and Cyber Tronia. And
on this side of the box, you got half of
the lovely uh art there. Lovely poster
art. There is the top. There is all the
there is the bike with the worst things
code stuff and on the back of the box
you have your old blade tri this that
there can become a
aratron and there's a short civil bio if
you want to read that but this will also
be a quick flight and that's basically
it
for the
packaging and moving right along here we
have champ Prime in her in her car mode
and just Yeah, it's uh well, she can go
from being her original self to uh
original form itself to being in a
combiner form. It's like a thing. It's
like you're shifting your physical form
as opposed to just having the additional
a combination cognitive, which uh she
does. She just changes what form form to
another almost as quickly as scanning an
al scanning another vehicle mode except
uh the cabin mode form is actually
already put in her because she had done
this before. H. So yeah, it's just that
easy uh copy paste back to and then
revert back to earlier form than
whatever you choose to. Anyway, let's
get a closer look at the details. So we
got lots of pink and blue all over the
place, even on the headlights, the
fender, and of course the hood. All by
simple front center right there on the
hood. And uh yep, there's the side of
the vehicle. Lots more pinks and blues.
I mean, yeah, you probably should not be
so shocked by now. But on the back of
the car, you got your soap. probably a
silver and the upper right there. But
yeah, there is the top. There is a
bottom and she does well as Roy Jay for
lovely bullying Christian prime things
and good unique one of a kind items and
individuals like and now
for I said we'll get to the group shot
in a little while but let's start with
uh Optimus Prime. Yes, the
optimist. Getting a good little prime
star here
with hot
rod and bringing them in as well for
this before we get to the trail. Here,
here she is with the
sonu going on right
there. And there you go. She's
essentially beside herself with her
origin form in the back. Her buzzing
form in the middle and then yes her
combiner form self right there closest
to the
camera and just because but here you go
CCA2 right there in the middle and her
microscope
form with Mr. Long going on right
there. And here she is
situina silver prowler armadum and even
jetness guitar mode rolling on out to
another
adventure. And here she is in the group
shop with the combiner team wave roll
out fire shot and chapper.
And here she is with the uh first
crackctor punlab and
siv. And here she is with the deceptic
clones crackctor punlab and
siv. And because we ought to with the
recent one. So here she is with kabider
mode at
Selena when the bike big is bigger than
the car. And of course, yes, the mold
bait comparison. Uh, we're just gonna
pretty much bring in the same guy from
earlier, combine wars, street wise. So,
there you
go. And for being a lot class, you still
get a lovely little bunch of accessories
with it. So, we'll run through these uh
one at a time. So, of course, being the
combined mode, she gets the combiner
mode hand right here. I mean, you see
what it is just like, you know, the
fingers go in and out and the thumbs on
either end. So, you can make it
a left hand or a right hand either way.
So, you got that. And uh instead of her
lovely little wing guns, they they just
high two little blasters here.
You little blasters just you know the
blue plastic the bowling all
around. No wor okay but here you go.
Here's a good little payoff. So she gets
her blue shield right here which uh you
know it's similar to her title thing but
just you can rotate
that. It pulls out and it can also
become an
axe. We got that. And we get the sword.
This lovely
sword. If I remember correctly, we also
got this with the Sonu as well, but it's
nice to get this back. But we I'll show
you a fun thing when we uh get to robot
mode that you can do with this. But as
for storage mode, just um h I don't know
if we can get the I don't know if we get
the sword and shield on it, but I know
we got the five parts on either side,
the one on the top of the car and this
one back here. So, we're going to go for
it. So, at least we can make like the
wings and the uh little blasters will go
into the sides of the car like
so. And uh yep, just drawing this out
here as well. could make this into a
booster rocket and she can go fishing
faster.
Fish fish. Yeah. Fishing all around.
Yes. Anyway, so let's just I think I'll
leave that back there. I feel like
that's okay. But of course, if you
wanted to, this can go on top of the car
and be on one hand a zoom and blaster or
a booster for the top depending on what
you want to do. depending on what you
want to do with
it. And then uh yes, well, you have a
option or two regards to the uh shield
here. You
could Okay. Well, that's not going to
work. Well, you can still plug it into
the thing back here. So, that's not
going to be the most elegant, but there
you go. You can do that. Add a sword. Um
um just plug it in the other one. There
you go. It's not the best looking thing,
but there you go. It's a bit of junk in
the booster
truck. Oh.
Well, actually, you know
what? There you go. That's a bit of a
good looking thing right there. It's
like
a type of
moment. Little mini a little mini pace
she's towing there. So, that's a thing
if you want to do it.
So, that's basically it for the big
boats. Let's get to chimish, shall we?
Yes. Okay. Don't get off. Don't fall off
the table there. As if we could. All
right. So, anyway, we're going to go
into combine mode first. And um well,
you may leave these on if you want to,
but I think obviously we want to if you
just if you're just going to robot mode,
you could leave those guns on like
would. All right. Right.
But we're going to goodbye mode. So it's
better to have the guns not on.
So leg mode. This goes down and all this
goes
down. Not
simp kick
it. Kick it to the boot and all
that. H. Okay. Well, anyway, so arm
mode. I believe you know how this goes
if you watch the if you don't pop a
wheel off if you watch the un slab
septic plum video. So you take this with
you you pull these up like that and
let's uh point them down and be mindful
of those uh knee things again and
getting them all the way down there. Get
the knees up there. Super knees. Get
them and close the knees up.
Pull the arms out like that. And uh
tabs. No
tabs. Go into the slots right
there. Uh rotate the combiner peg. And
uh rotate the waist. And there you go.
And uh I believe this should be pretty
obvious, but I am going to make it more
clear in this very
moment. Oh, I forgot the important
detail. How do I keep forgetting this?
This down here so you can make that
connection. There you
go. Right
hand. Piece it
together. Divine right hand.
Okay. Just hang. Anyway, she's nar. You
definitely have to hand it to her. Okay.
Now, robot mode. Let's uh do that.
Combiner peg goes down. And this rotates
here. That's the front of the leg. We
may split the legs. Pull the arms out.
And uh get your fingernail. Pull the
hands out. Those lovely little pink
hands. Pull that down. Pull arm the
elbow. And pull all this up. Make sure
that's all there. and all
[Music]
this. I'm going to edit that sound
out
anyway. Get all that out slots,
taps right
there and all
that. Then I do believe that's uh
basically it. So there you go. There you
have combiner mode. Christian Prime in
her robot mode. And she looked quite
decent in this form. I mean, just uh
pretty much the lovely little pink car
right there and on par with her original
of her present form and everything, but
she anyway. Let's get closer here. Look
at the details. Not on the belly. Let's
uh raise up. Look at the head. All
right. Don't try on the head. Anyway, so
Oh, perfect. Yes. So, we got lovely
details in the head and yes, still has
chromia. Still has heterocchromia. The
right eye is green. The left eye is
blue. All black symbol front and center.
Lots of pinks and battery charged blues
all around all over. And some of the
lovely details. And uh yep. Going up the
back. Just pretty much. Yep. This time
you got the the car on the backpack but
just uh not similar. But
anyway,
yes, our articulation dies. What we got?
I'm going to tell you. So, this head is
on a ball joint. You definitely got your
wiggly waggly wiggly right here. Um,
pick up a tiny bit. Look down a little
bit. Head can rotate. Do a full
360. Arms can rotate. Do a full 360.
They can move in and out and downward if
you use that transformation joint. Uh
you got bicep rotation
arms over 90° of bend at the elbow. Uh
nothing at the hands. They can move
inward and outward if you want them to.
Waist rotation. Legs can move forward
that far.
Back that far
outward almost to the full splits. You
have thigh
rotation a little bit over 90 degrees
open bend there at the knee and
unfortunately nothing at the feet. So
yeah, but yeah, let's uh run through her
accessories
uh one more time. So yes, uh the little
guns, she can hold those in her hands
and shoot bang like that. But yep, we'll
we'll keep it on par with the form as it
should be. Yeah, I wish they actually
include the uh likely the wings for
this. That would have worked a bit more
accurately and good, but we'll roll with
this. This is good. This works. And um
yep, of course, you can use this as a uh
gun. She can hold
that and go bang by thush rush brush and
all that. And of course, I forgot to
mention
here, pull that out. Put your prime
master target master in there. And oh
yeah, these pop in the hand that could
be used like a little gun or something.
Just There you
go. You got the option. Options. They're
good. The options are good. All right.
But anyway, um not much storage room
there, but yep, she can hold her sword
and shield like so.
Yes. All right. So, yeah. stuff. But
essentially with this, yes, you can uh
hack slash that hack bash bash hack hack
bash bash or Yeah, there you go.
Just a whole bunch of slashing,
slashing, thrashing d. Yeah, there you
go. So, you got the options and the
options, they're
good. Also, regards to the uh sword and
shield, there is one other thing you do.
This is mainly meant when you go into
combine mode and she is an R, but you
can essentially put the sword into the
top of the uh at mode portion of like
that. And there you
go. A really big blade of all glorious
goodness. All right. All right. Well,
anyway, aside from that, I mean, as
opposed to the, uh, original guns on her
shoulders. Uh, these are, well, not as
great, but a bit better because they are
Blush compatible. Yes, that's right. So,
uh, you know what? So, we could do this.
I'm going just, uh, do this. You know
what? Let's, uh, have a little, let's
see if we can have a little fun right
here. I'm going to do this. There she'll
put this back up in a I will put those
back up in a moment. So, yes, we're
gonna do this. We're gonna have a fun
good moment right here. I'm gonna get I
have her
uh I have her body here.
Yep. So, let's uh do this. She can hold
the uh lovely little matrix as best she
can with these hands.
holding her matrix and not only liking
your darkest hour, but there's a big old
matrix blowing Chris Chad
private earth shaking bloo.
Yes. And now for co
paradise. Here she is with the octopus
prime. Yep.
with hot
rod. Boy, could we get any more
centering on this? There we
go.
With su.
And here you have essentially a holy
trinity of Christian primes between her
classic
CC38 her more modern present self and of
course her combined mode form. Yeah,
it's like a holy trinity going on here.
I mean you just how could you deny this?
And just I mean times
three they are just
prime.
Yes. And here she is in a dynamic group
shot with Sonu Silver Armorat Jet
Prowler Selena and Bumba
Lumba. And here she is in a lovely
dramatic pose and set with the combiner
bots wave chapper farot and roll
out. Here she is with the first tractor
punlab and
savv. Here she is with the deceptic
clones savv punislav and
coractor. and a spliced in comparison I
didn't think about doing or remembering
until after I was editing the video.
There she is with Mr. Terrone. So enjoy
a little grass in this scene as well.
Lol
with combiner mode at
Selena and of course the special guest
star the bold bait. So here she is with
Kabider Wars Street wise.
So there you
go. And here you have Kabider mode
Prime. And you know what? I'd say this
is considerably a budget friendly
version compared to the other two. But
I'd say you know what for what for what
it's worth lacking the init the other
the accessories that the other two have
just yes I feel like this is a decent
figure. Plus, it can bless it can
combine as an arm or a leg to actually
land a massive aid in guards to support
for her fellow Autobots. But yeah, still
at least the joints are good. The colors
are great. I mean, obviously pinks and
blues, but hey, there you go. Wait for
Chris Chan Prime. Anyway, hey, so good
stuff. Just lots of good stuff. I can
price this vehicle. I can price this
form quite a bit. Obviously, her her her
actual form as opposed to her combiner
form that she more often uses is is
better, but you know what? For a budget
friendly consciousness, I'd say this is
a fairly decent way to go. Now, there
you go. So, I got this from my local
Target. You can get the they're popping
up in your Targets, your Walmarts, Big
Bad Toy Store, Entertainment Earth,
Amazon, all that. All right. Yeah. And
don't forget to check me out on my
socials with Blue Sky and of course the
quick like links to all those at the
Etsy store are link in the description
down below. And I feel like that's
pretty much it. So, yep. This is
Transformers Legacy
Dieiver Chad Prime and this is Jesus
Christ Chad's Pride. Say remember you
don't stop playing because you grow. You
grow up because you stop playing. And
you still you know what I'm going to
say? I'm going to do it because it's
good. That's just prime. Be it be
proud. 15 minutes
later. Okay,
Elena, that should be all the fun
explosive sets. And if my timing is
right, Far should be getting ready to
make that explosive right about
over
there. Did you guys hear that? Hey, that
could have been anything. Cracktor.
Anything? That sounded like an explosion
from a distance. Maybe there's somebody
nearby. Well, that's possible, Posh
Lady. But thank you Goget here. We're
near an active volcano, so could be an
explosion from the magma. There it is.
It wasn't my fault this time. I did not
stop the ground or
anything.
Really?
Mr. on the radar. We got something
active going on. We just heard the
explosion from a few miles away to the
west, but then also radar's picking up
energy signals coming in from the
northeast. I wonder what that could be.
Better not be
damned to go by them. Alert. Alert.
Large gray space shuttle coming in from
the northeast. Gray space shuttle. No,
it can't be.
Guardians. Hey, no doubt some autobots,
too. Did the radar show how fast that
spacecraft is coming in? Pretty damn
fast. I'll be here in seconds. Blast it.
Blast it. See all parameters. Some
Decepticons go west. A bunch of
Decepticons go to the northeast. Crafter
get ready to fake your move. You're
going to for a crafter D and help take
down these guardians in autobot. Right.
Yes, ma'am. Come on, Seth. We got a lot
of box to bust. Right you are, crafter.
I got my big under. Let's go get a
couple of our Decepticons and make our
way out of here to where that shuttle
is. Right. We'll go to source and take
them all down for good. Crafters, put us
last SAVs. Follow my
lead and follow by big gun.
And just when things are going so well,
first mention of any primary be optimist
or Christian or even freaking hot rod.
You tell me. Tell the others to tell me
at the first instance possible. Right.
Yes, ma'am. Small blue UFO identified
heading towards the center of the area
near the volcano. Various Autobots and
Guardians heading out from the gray
space shuttle. And a few Autobots are
coming in from the west. Prime energy
detected. I thought so. Well, then now's
the time as any for me to go out and go
stop and crash some box and
gar. Damn right, boss lady. Damn right.
Meanwhile, I think I got their attention
pretty good, Chris. Yes, you did. Fire
shot. I believe that will do. With those
Decepticons out of the cave, we will be
able to explode the explosives and make
the John the B useless. They're not
going to be able to mine any more John
from here after that, but also making
sure this this volcano is safe. In this
case, it'll become dormant. But still,
what a
mess. Chris. Chris, I come with the good
news. All right. Yes, Pathfinder.
Perfect timing. We just got the
Decepticons out of the mountain. We'll
be able to dispect itself the explosives
shortly and be get the air John safe.
That will be Yes. Leader White has
actually been able to confirm that we
have made success. And the team want to
wait here for the command center.
Excellent. Pathfinder. Now we'll have to
regroup with wave chapper after they get
here and we have booby out to form our
own defenses in case practor v comes
around. Stay tuned everyone after the
review of put a crackctor ve. You're
going to have a really good booby show.
So break out the popcorn for this one.
[Applause]
[Music]
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
⇐ Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Excelina
Chris's videos
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Light_Powered_Cwclight_Reviews_-_Combiner_Mode_Chris-Chan_Prime&oldid=353341"