Title: Liquid Chris
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Liquid_Chris
Categories: Trolls, Miscreants Members, Liquid Saga, People from the United States, People from South Carolina
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
It has been found that the subject of this article has been a frequent subject of impersonation from trolls/weens. Bear this in mind, and be cautious of any accounts claiming to be them.
“
Chris initially wanted to ignore Liquid. We had to tell him that if he didn't publicly refute Liquid, it could be used against him to steal the Sonichu copyright. Chris is lazy and, by default, ignores most trolling.
”
The Man in the Pickle Suit[1]
Liquid Chris
Information
Name
Christopher Morton DuckworthJon Duckworth
Also known as
CChanSonichuCWCChris Chandler[2]Jeff[3]"The Previous Chris""The Other Chris"[4]
Gender
MALE
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Freelance comic book artistMusicianDoctor of Internal Medicine
Spouse
Kacey
Siblings
SimplySpoons (brother, musical body double)
Saga
Liquid
Liquid Chris (real name: Dr. Christopher Morton Duckworth; born July 1990) claimed to be the TRUE and HONEST Christian Weston Chandler, and the one and only creator of the Electric Hedgehog Pokémon Sonichu. In reality, he was simply an impersonator on YouTube who initially just made videos to amuse himself and his friends. Chris portrayed Liquid on YouTube and in the PVCC Forums, while his identical twin brother Jon Duckworth, a musician, portrayed him during the Sing-Star Challenge.
Liquid Chris gets his nickname from Metal Gear Solid, a video game which featured a storyline of the clone "brother" of the player character, Solid Snake (hence why Christian Weston Chandler is referred to as Solid Chris in this saga, as he will be for the remainder of this page). Eventually, Solid discovered Liquid, and he actually believed that he was an impostor trying to take credit for his glorious creation, rather than just being an impersonator. Once he was in Solid's sights, Liquid decided to up his game by playing along with his rivalry with Chris-Chan (as did his fans), and became a full-time troll.
Liquid insisted that he was the real Chris-Chan, and chose to address his counterpart as the impostor Ian Brandon Anderson, based on the initials of his IBAChandler YouTube username. Liquid eventually got into fights with Solid over Kacey's heart, briefly halting production of videos when Liquid was kidnapped by Solid (portrayed by the other twin filming the video). Liquid made a triumphant return to defend Kacey's honor, and they retired from trolling Chris after "getting married". This saddened Chris, though he quickly got over it and moved onto finding another sweetheart after about a day.
Contents
1 Prologue
2 A challenger appears
3 Ian Brandon Anderson
4 The CWCivil War
4.1 Opening shots
4.2 The battleground
4.2.1 "More Than A Feeling"
4.2.2 Spanish Challenge
4.2.3 SingStar Challenge
4.3 "SHOWDOWN"
4.4 "I, Christian Weston Chandler of Ruckersville, Virginia, Have Grown Up."
5 CWCivil War II: Kacey Boogaloo
6 Epilogue
6.1 Farewell to Trolling
7 Irony
8 In the comic
9 See also
10 References
11 External links
Prologue
On 21 June 2009, Liquid would create his youtube channel 'CChanSonichuCWC', under the premise that he was the real Christian Weston Chandler. Solid Chris did not notice his channel at first, until 21 July 2009. Liquid would upload a video where he talked about him selling offical Sonichu merch at Otakun, an anime and video game convention.
This video caught the attention of Jack Thaddeus, who sent the video to his daughter Samantha, stating 'This man was at otakon, He made some MAD CASH! He made an opening confession and all. Tell me what you think?'. In reality, this was Solid Chris pretending to be Sam in an attempt to get his PSN accounts back from Jack. Upon seeing the video, Solid would rage in the comments and make a response video to Liquid, offically starting the saga.
A challenger appears
Liquid torturing the impostor.
"There's room for only one Chris, and one Mayor!"
See also: Liquid's Antebellum Videos
At the end of the month a new YouTube account, http://www.youtube.com/user/CChanSonichuCWC, appeared with a simple premise: that the real Christian Weston Chandler (henceforth Liquid Chris) was back online after a long absence, during which he lost his account to hackers, so all the weirdness on "CChanSonichu" was the work of hacking trolls, and he announced that he was ready to resume posting HONEST content on his new account. This new CWC posted four more videos, much of which were parodies of earlier videos by Solid Chris.
“
How else would I get fan art, if I was not the original creator of Sonichu?
”
Liquid Chris, 3 July 2009
Notably, Liquid Chris sported:
An official Sonichu medallion (made out of paper, never Crayola Fuckin' Model Magic)
A striped shirt (brown)
A pair of rather bulky glasses which would look ridiculous on anybody else.
Obesity (by means of a stuffed shirt, later removed)
A distinctive nasal voice
Autism
All of which, of course, made him almost indistinguishable from Solid Chris! Solid himself made no comment, probably because he didn't notice the new videos among the chatter of all the other trolling. The alternative — that Solid just ignored them — is far too reasonable to consider.
Ian Brandon Anderson
Main article: Ian Brandon Anderson
What really cranked this up to eleven was a chain of events that started with Solid Chris getting his "CChanSonichu" channel back: First, Solid posted a series of videos on 10 July 2009 where he "called out" three trolls by their YouTube handles, and dropped their dox (well, dropped "supposed states of residence"). That resulted in the permanent banhammer for "CChanSonichu".
The next piece fell into place when he posted his Rollin' and Trollin' video on his new YouTube account, "IBAChandler". When it hit Encyclopedia Dramatica, newfags everywhere momentarily lost control of their bowels, thinking they'd been trolled by a grand master. Trolls, however, did what trolls do best: they started riffing on it. Pretty quickly, YouTube comments popped up referring to Solid as "Ian Brandon Anderson". Such was the price of success for Solid's small drop of near win in his sea of epic fail: he had delivered unto his enemies a weapon that they'd use for months.
Even then, the damage control from that episode would have probably kept him from noticing Liquid's videos. Liquid, however, then raised the stakes in an attempt to get Solid's attention.
The CWCivil War
Opening shots
It's on!!!
TRUTH and HONESTY established by the state of Virginia!
See Also: Liquid's CWCivil War Videos
The war began on 21 July, when Liquid uploaded a video that reeled Solid in hook, line, and sinker, having sold Sonichu merchandise with Samantha Thaddeus at Otakon. A rebuttal was in order:
DO NOT BUY from the Impostor, "http://www.youtube.com/user/CChanSonichuCWC CWCCChanSonichuCWC". HE IS CRAPPY, and his Nasal Voice is JUST DOWNRIGHT AWFUL.
Also, if I wanted to buy PAPER, I'd go to Wal-Mart and buy 500 FULL 8.5 X 11 Sheets for about 5 dollars!
HIS CHURCH? HE MUST LIVE IN FRICKIN' OHIO with "Julie"; NEVER DRIVES GREATER THAN 7 Hours JUST TO EVEN VISIT Wesley Memorial in VIRGINIA.
F*** HIM TO HELL![5]
Solid also took time out from his busy schedule to post threats on Liquid's YouTube comments:
The Final Showdown
Hey, DUMBASS! YOU WISH YOU WERE ME! I would say YOU are Stuck... IN MINUS-SECOND-GEAR!
I am Calling YOU OUT!
14 Branchland Ct. Ruckersville, VA
BEFORE August 2, 2009.
If you really WANT to be me, then Come Face Me.
oh, BTW, YOUR NASAL VOICE IS MORE GRATING THAN THE WORD "NAIVE", and METAL NAILS ON THE CHALKBOARD.
But "Naive" is even WORSE than NAILS.
You are a Nerd and a Whimp!
Have a good day.
Christopher Christian Weston Chandler[5]
Even at this point, Solid Chris still may have let this all go, as he was simultaneously getting blackmailed by Jack Thaddeus, who was holding his PSN account to ransom. But as that wound down, Liquid caught Solid's eye again, by picking up on the Ian Brandon Anderson meme:
Hello, again, Loyal Fans,
It is I again, Christian Weston Chandler. NOT Christopher Christian Weston Chandler as EVERYONE KNOWS I Changed my name FROM Christopher to Christian (PS: That Troll, as Some have now Informed Me, his Real Name is IAN BRANDON ANDERSON). Anyway, I am Working Very Hard on Sonichu 9 and Things may be Progressing Heavily with my new TRUE Gal-Pal Kacey and I. Also, Expect more Announcements of this Developing Caliber in the Future.
Stay True.
CWC[6]
The battleground
"More Than A Feeling"
The REAL Chris is not only cute, he can play the guitar!
See Also: CWC More Than A Feeling
See Also: More Than A Feeling THE TRUE VERSION by Christian Weston Chandler (CWC)
For whatever reason, Solid dug up an old video of himself failing at Guitar Hero and dumped it online. Liquid shot back with a TRUE and HONEST rendition on a real guitar.
Spanish Challenge
Ceci n'est pas une Chris.
Main Article: CWC Update 29 July 2009
More video rage followed before Solid attempted a cunning plan:
“
También. Mi presente. Responde en español bueño. ¿Si no que bueño? Tu no eres el verdad. Tu eres el impostor.
”
Solid Chris, CWC Update 29 July 2009
The plan backfired when Liquid responded more fluently in Spanish, French, German, and Japanese.
SingStar Challenge
Only one clear choice, choosing the TRUE and HONEST Chris.
Main article: SingStar Challenge
“
Alright, Christian, Mr. Brown-Striped Impostor, since you have been able to accept and complete my question challenges, it is time to issue a new challenge.
”
Solid Chris, "SingStar Challenge"
And then he shaved his goatee off. Dry. With a safety razor.
As expected, the contest went to Liquid, the absolute chad, and Solid, as always, was a sore loser about it. Liquid had a tally of four votes in favor, two against. He then took his leave from the competition, after announcing a number of personal coups:
That he'd finally found a true sweetheart, Kacey.
That he'd landed a job as a Production Manager and Game Designer at Microsoft for a Sonichu game for all consoles.
That Dark Horse Comics would be publishing his Sonichu comics, making him even more filthy rich, with the opening of the CWCStore.
And finally, that he had decided to stop battling the Solid, and move out of his parents' house to live in Redmond, Seattle, to continue his happy, successful life.
"SHOWDOWN"
Main article: SHOWDOWN: The TRUE CWC Confronts The FAKE
“
You’re breaking my balls here.
”
Solid, "SHOWDOWN"
On 9 August 2009, Liquid called Solid up and confronted him over the slanderous lies he was telling on YouTube. Solid tried reason, and when that failed, he threatened to get Liquid arrested for identity theft, dragging Bob into the debacle along the way:
If you DO NOT COME CLEAN RIGHT NOW, I am going to get my father in on this further, and you are going to get FUCKING ARRESTED, THROWN IN JAIL AND YOU WILL NOT GET TO LIVE THE PEACEFUL, HAPPY LIFE THAT KACEY AND I WOULD LIKE YOU TO LIVE, BECAUSE KACEY REALLY CARES FOR YOU, MAN![7]
"I, Christian Weston Chandler of Ruckersville, Virginia, Have Grown Up."
On 14 August 2009, Liquid announced that he was departing YouTube for the time being to pursue turning his Sonichu series into an acclaimed media franchise.
I, Christian Weston Chandler of Ruckersville, Virginia, Have Grown Up.
Click to load content
Stardate
14 August 2009
Subject Matter
Music Music Galpals Kacey
Performance Style
Reason Reason
Shirt
Brown
Liquid Chris' videos
previous Verdict: I (CWC) WIN the SingStar Contest.
Also, More Updates on Sonichu and Going Places :)
next GONE
Of course, this sent Solid completely over the deep end.
First, he raged:
“
STOP THAT IMPOSTOR BASTARD WHO HAS BEEN POSING WITH MY NAME, MY ADDRESS, MY PHONE NUMBER, EVERYTHING! STOP HIM! HE DESERVES NOTHING!
”
Solid Chris, "NO D*** WAY, IMPOSTOR!!!"
Then, he tried reason:
The Singstar Challenge was NEVER to verify who was the real Christian Weston Chandler, because everyone on the Internet knows that I am, he's the impostor. They should quit encouraging him. And I wish that he would stop his stupid, damn, dirty game. I don't know what the heck is wrong with his head. [his voice gets higher] He ain't right. He don't even let me get a word in edgewise. He just keeps going on and on AND ON AND ON AND ON AND ON AND ON AND ONNNNNNNNN! Worse than my father![8]
And as summer disappeared, so too did Liquid Chris: The apparent victim of foul play. Viewer discretion is advised, as the next video is extremely disturbing.
GONE
Click to load content
Stardate
15 August 2009
Subject Matter
Violence Death threats
Shirt
Brown
Liquid Chris' videos
previous I, Christian Weston Chandler of
Ruckersville, Virginia, Have Grown Up.
next 10152009
Chris's sweetheart, Kacey, was distraught over the event and posted a video confirming Chris's disappearance and announcing her withdrawal from their engagement.
CWCivil War II: Kacey Boogaloo
Chris's solution to Boyfriends.
Main article: Kacey
Liquid Chris reappeared on 15 October 2009 with a new video explaining the trials and tribulations of the past few months, and igniting a heated love triangle with Solid for Kacey's affections. According to Liquid, he had been unlawfully detained in a meat-packing factory, and when he managed to escape, he found himself in Africa. With the assistance of a few others, Liquid managed to make his triumphant return to Ruckersville, and the stage was set from there on out.
In the video addressed to Kacey's parents, Solid called him "the previous Chris". In a desperate video for Kacey, Solid called him "the other Chris" repeatedly.
When the dust had settled, Solid's behavior had offended Kacey's father and, through his immaturity, pushed Kacey back into the loving TRUE and HONEST arms of the Liquid.
10152009
Click to load content
Stardate
15 October 2009
Subject Matter
Homos Homos Rumors Rumors
Shirt
Brown
Liquid Chris' videos
previous GONE
next THIS will NOT STAND, you HOMO JERK.
FROM: the True C.W.C with Birth Name Christopher.
Epilogue
Liquid Chris and Kacey, happily married.
TSSSF card Chris made of Liquid, eight years after the closing of the saga.
Liquid Chris is now married to his beloved sweetheart, Kacey. As the one TRUE and HONEST creator of Sonichu, his artwork and comics are extremely popular and he often attracts many beautiful boyfriend-free girls with his medallions and his Guitar of Win.
After Solid Chris destroyed his PS3 in an attempt to get a $9000 bounty, Surfshack Tito would mistakenly give the money to Liquid, under the belief that he was Solid.
Liquid makes mad cash by selling said medallions at Otakon and other anime conventions while voicing Solid in Sonichu: The Animated Series. He has also made several hundred thousand dollars from his two critically acclaimed games, Pokémon: Lightning Version and Sonichu: The Crystal Chronicles for the Nintendo DS and Xbox 360, respectively. On 27 July 2011, Liquid bid fond faredieu to the trolling universe on YouTube by closing his account.
Solid Chris then considered Liquid Chris a friend.
After Chris Duckworth abandoned his Liquid Chris persona, he acquired a BS in oncology, and he currently works as a cancer research doctor.[9] Time will tell if his findings will bring us one step closer to the cure.
While Chris Duckworth has retired from trolling Solid Chris, he recorded a parody of the theme song to The Cleveland Show at some point prior to November 2015, when the video was reuploaded. The song was eventually animated as The Chris-Chan Show in November 2020, which attracted the attention of Solid.
In the years since, Solid eventually forgot about much of the Liquid Chris saga.[10] However, in fall 2019 Chris created a TSSSF card of Liquid Chris, showing he still held some animosity towards him – the card describes Liquid as a villain utilizing "pretentious acting". During a February 2024 livestream, Chris refused to believe that Liquid Chris was a doctor, and said Liquid was "trapped in his own stupor and mentality and arrogance and everything".
Farewell to Trolling
After ending his saga, Liquid wrote a long farewell to trolling, before leaving the 'inner circle' [11]. Some people think that details such as Liquid trolling Solid for the recognition of Hayden Panettiere and being a conservative are ironic, but former trolls have confirmed that these are both unironic[12].
“
He originally did it to impress Hayden Panettiere. He was contacted by someone from PVCC (might've been champ, I forgot who). He was a conservative. The rest of the stuff is all legit.
”
Former PVCC member 'Hollywood Hulk Hogan'
Farewell to Trolling
It was March of 2009 that I discovered Chris-Chan thanks to an anonymous source. Slowly, at first, and then knowing in horror the full extent; it was like watching an accident happen in slow motion and then all of a sudden the car explodes and the passengers’ burned carcasses are ejected onto a bridge, causing havoc and crashes and ultimately wrecking the bridge. That’s what Chris-Chan was like to my life.
But I still worked diligently and carried on with life as normal, as much as I possibly could, with the disturbing knowledge creeping silently in the back of my mind.
On June 21, 2009, I realized that I had a problem. I had some irrational crush on Hayden Panettiere. It was summer, I was stuck at home, there’d be no hope of going to L.A. and getting some fairy-tale like treatment and ending up together with her and living happily ever after. So I thought. What could I do to express my anguish at possibly never coming in contact with her or gaining her attention? I had to gain her attention. Do something… strange, and epic. Something that would dispel my boredom. I thought of the Chris-Chan impersonation I’d been doing off-and-online Left 4 Dead on Xbox live.
So I went into my guest room and typed up a script containing most of my favorite Chris-Chan lines. It wasn’t that great of a script, and it was a dumb idea. It was also one in the morning, which meant that if I talked louder than usual, my dad’d wake up with supersonic hearing and bust my ass and make me go to sleep. I obtained an awkward-looking brown and tan polo. I turned on the camera and I just let it all out.
About a week later, I saw that the creator of Sonichu: The Animated Series commented on the impression I’d posted. Though, in my mind, it was still more about Hayden Panettiere than getting recognized for a good impersonation. Still, I was quite surprised, to say the least. I quickly responded in kind and then put up another video, this time addressing him. He was impressed and asked me to start voicing Chris-Chan for the Animated Series.
I was honored and flattered that his crew didn’t reject my attempt at being funny. I made friends with the lot of them and then joined their production team, Stretch Douche. We talked quite a bit on Skype. It was the first time in a while I’d really felt involved with an internet community, so I kept it going.
Soon enough, one of the editors of the CWCki, Champthom, contacted me on my Youtube account. He asked if I’d make a specialized video talking about my Sonichu merchandise, since someone had told Chris that someone else was selling them at Otakon. Already knee-deep in the CWC stuff, I couldn’t refuse the offer.
Then, on July 22, Chris-Chan posted a video. Rage that he hadn’t shown since the days of Clyde Cash and Jimmy Hill. And it was all directed… at me. I woke up that morning, signed on Skype, and Spazkid instantly told me all about what happened. I went to check the video and I was stunned. Stunned would be an understatement. I’d realized that Hayden Panettiere was no longer relevant. I’d gotten Chris to respond to me. To me. A random Youtube user. It wasn’t ‘til later that I’d learn the Field Agents were more involved.
I’d applied to PVCC about a month earlier with the nickname “KneelToGeneralZod.” It got lost in the void and I never received a reply. Another Youtuber who described himself as “Bryan Bash” contacted me and offered to get me right into the PVCC. Already I felt like I’d accomplished enough, that this was as good as it was going to get and perhaps I should stop making videos for lord knows what could happen if everyone suddenly stopped playing along.
I went on the PVCC for the first time to find out how big of a deal it was; this was a much larger, active community than I’d ever expected. People who I’d never heard before were hailing my actions as heroic, and blessed them for producing a bounty of beautiful tard-rage. I made my first post, and people knew I was there.
It wasn’t long before I made another video. This time, I doubled down on CWC’s jealousy and showed off the “merch” I’d taken a couple hours to gather together beforehand. It was a hit. Obviously, “the man in the brown striped shirt” was getting to him.
Things were quiet. I enjoyed the Animated Series episodes remade with my own voice with ferocity. Then, I got an invitation from Yoko to join the Mumble chats. I’d heard only vaguely about Mumble, the things I did know were that Chris actually used the program to talk with Clyde Cash, and that it was a sister version of Skype. I followed Yoko’s instructions and fell through the rabbit hole.
It took me a second to realize who I was surrounded by. The only familiar faces were Yoko and Champthom. Everyone else was an enigma, until—near the bottom of the screen, NO, it couldn’t have been. Clyde Cash? The legend himself? I simply remember thinking that if this was indeed Clyde, then everyone else here was important. What had I stumbled upon? What had I gotten myself into? I don’t know any of these guys. I’m just some kid who did a Chris-Chan impersonation. And, yet, here I was in the central of the ‘inner circle,’ the ‘dedicated trolls.’
I couldn’t help but feel humbled. They accepted me as one of their own. I was in shock to meet, never mind befriend some extremely important people that I’d only just read about and admired. Clyde, Bluespike, Ivy, Emily, canine, and many others. Each with their own saga or contribution. This can’t be happening, I thought. But it did. And the story unfolded right before my very eyes. I collaborated with Clyde to make a fake Mumble chat. I tricked some hipsters who wanted to make money off of Chris-Chan. I got my own ED page with nothing but praise, eventually being featured on the front page for an entire day. Keep in mind, this ‘inner circle’ was with me the entire way. I can’t thank them enough.
Now, however, it’s time for me to make my long-overdue au revoir. People don’t know where I’ve been for the last two or three weeks. I haven’t talked to my best friend in three weeks. I’ve tried everything I could to manage my life and not look like a basement dweller. But it’s not who I am. The real me is an ambitious, overly-driven young man studying and working to become an M.D., eventually a surgeon. But I can’t have these dual lives and expect to have time for it all. I have to pick one, and I think it’s pretty clear which road I’m taking.
School for me starts soon. I’ve got time before then to catch up on my studies, but it’s not going to be easy. It is, however, necessary. And I hate to say it but even though I want to be around to find out what goes on behind the scenes after my “saga” is over, I can’t.
It’s been fantastic, invidious, terrifying, and gut-bustingly hilarious. But I’ve got to return to normal life. It’s simply gone on too long for me. And if you think that I’m being way too self-centered here, well, I am. And I’m sorry. But it’s the only way. I feel a certain sadness by leaving you all with no prior acknowledgement. However, it IS the only way. If I can say a few things before I’m gone, I’d like to.
Admins: Please ban my account after I post this message. I can’t be tempted to distraction, and it kills me that I won’t get to say goodbye to anyone individually after this whole ordeal.
PVCC, en generale: You’ve all been awesome to me. More than I deserve. Keep on doing what you’re doing, because you’re doing it right. I hope you’ll keep the spirit of how awesome this was alive.
Mumble: I’m sorry I can’t do as many CWC impersonations for you, whether reading emails, joking around, or tricking people or Chris himself. I do apologize for that. Well, you're cool people. You're the nerdiest fucking people that I've ever met in my life and my friends would disown me if they ever knew I was associating myself with you, but you’re just great.
My ego: I’m sorry that the gigantic boost has to end. But I can only keep a fine balance between humbleness and elitism, and you know that.
Clyde: I’m sorry we never got to debate politics. You seem quite progressive to me, a stark, conservative Republican. We’d have a hell of a time discussing history and policy. And I’ll get those audiobook lines to you, soon.
Gen: Thanks for being such a good sport. Your life is horrible and cursed, and I’m glad I could make it better for at least a bit. Anyone who put me in fan art: Thank you, thank you, thank you. I’m keeping all of it.
It’s hard to talk about all this like tomorrow will be the same. But I’m going now. Maybe you’ll hear about me pioneering some surgical technique or medical research. Maybe you’ll read my column in the paper or hear my radio show. I don’t know what the future holds, but trolling can’t be a part of it anymore, and I’m crushed to admit that.
I didn’t think I’d make nearly as many friends and acquaintances over the summer as I have right here, and on Youtube. It’ll be hard to leave you all like this. I didn’t think I’d make any new friends at all. But you have proven me wrong. I have one final request, for all of you that are reading this or have scrolled to the bottom since it’s tl;dr: Please, if my true identity does get leaked (which it almost certainly will), I ask that you’ll do what you can to keep it under wraps.
Cover for me, if you will. Be vigilant. Believe. And thank you all so very, very much.
Sincerely, CChanSonichuCWC
PS: I JUST WON THE GAME :awesome:
Irony
Solid acts as Liquid, in "100 2270".
BELIEVE.
Solid has mocked Liquid on several points:
His nasal tone.
His brown striped shirt.
Actually making money off Sonichu.
His appearance.
It's a bad sign when one is fighting a mirror, and worse when the mirror is winning, worse still if it is a fun-house mirror made especially to mock you.
In early August 2009,[13] Solid began to believe that Liquid couldn't be the real Chris because only the real Christian Weston Chandler is a retard who is the laughing stock of the Internet. Therefore, the fact that Liquid isn't trolled and doesn't do dumb shit suggests that he isn't the real Chris. Of course, previously mentioned theories seem to disprove this assertion.
In a further fit of irony, Solid ended up impersonating Liquid in a bizarre attempt to woo Liquid's girlfriend, Kacey. Solid also impersonated Liquid, who was impersonating him impersonating...or something...in "100 2270".
Additionally, regarding the story of Metal Gear Solid, one might initially believe that Liquid Snake (the "clone") inherited all of the "flawed recessive" genes, while Solid Snake (the original) inherited the dominant genes, but in reality, it's the total opposite. Going back to Christory, this ties in with how Liquid Chris is better than Solid Chris in every way.
In the comic
The impostor Chris stole his famous lecture to the Jerkops from the real Chris.
Beel explains Liquid's fate
Go, IBAChandler, and copycat-ly [sic] sieze [sic] to the extreme!
The commission as first seen in Ben Saint's lecture
Despite being one of the most important events in Christory, the Liquid Saga is addressed in only two pages within the entirety of Sonichu. On 17 November 2009, Liquid made his very first appearance in Solid' Chris's Sonichu #9. Solid, being the slanderous impostor that he is, had the nerve to claim that Liquid's name was Ian Brandon Anderson, and once again tried (and failed) to convince everyone that he was the TRUE and ORIGINAL creator of the Sonichu franchise.
Chris planned a future plot where Giovanni captured Rosechu and forced Chris to cede control over CWCville to Liquid. This, however, has yet to be done.[14]
Since Liquid's fate in the comic remained nebulous at best, Ben Saint commissioned a piece from Solid Chris that explained Liquid's ultimate fate. To the surprise of Saint himself, Chris actually delivered. The piece was revealed in a YouTube lecture by Saint on the timeline of the Sonichu canon[15] and included commentary by Beel, Sonichu, Rosechu and Chris himself.
“
So, you want to know the fate of the past impostor of Christian, as the original person was known? Simply put, IBAChandler, he was dragged down to hell, punished of identity theft, and all of his memories and past incarnations reset. His soul was born a fresh blank into a newborn child, and his old body was burned in Hell's lava pool.
”
Beel in the commissioned art.
However, Sonichu 13 its mentioned that an "Ian Brandon Anderson" was elected as the head police chief of CWCville. Whether these two were meant to be the same character (thus making the commissioned comic page non-canon) or a totally different person with a similar name was never explained.[16]
See also
Venom "Punished" Chris.
Solid Chris
Solidus Chris
Jimmy Hill
Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc, another doppelganger of Chris featured in the Sonichu comics
References
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/yt-16-06-we-need-immediate-funds-please.31624/post-2351871
↑ CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!
↑ Exposing Jeff
↑ 11052009 Kacey, I Love You, and I Need You
↑ 5.0 5.1 REAL Protest against the FAKE
↑
Christian Weston Chandler's EXCITING ANNOUNCEMENT of SONICHU and Addressing Things.
↑ "SHOWDOWN"
↑ "The Contest NEVER was to Determine Who was Who"
↑ https://www.targetedonc.com/view/tumor-growth-angiogenesis-ovarian-cancer-linked-to-key-adapter-protein
↑ Idea Guy Q&A
↑ User:Bystander/Liquid's letter Note that Clyde Cash himself edited the page
↑
https://kiwifarms.pl/threads/random-thoughts-questions.49854/page-734
↑ Captain's Log, Stardate August 3rd, 2009
↑ CWC Blog#20 November 2009
↑ Sonichu 101: A CWC Lecture
↑ File:Sonichu 16 page-13.JPG
External links
The Liquid Archive
The Real Chris-chan on the TRUE and HONEST Encyclopedia Dramatica
Liquid Saga
The Players
People: Solid Chris (Ian) • Liquid Chris • Kacey Devoria • Kim Wilson • Matthew Devoria • Katie Bay • Clyde Cash • Spazkid
The Calls
SHOWDOWN: The TRUE CWC Confronts The FAKE • Kacey calls (Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real)
Liquid Videos:
Solid Videos:
Antebellum Messages
The CWCivil War
Post Victory
The Fight for Kacey
REAL Protest against the FAKE
CWC Update 29 July 2009
That Goatee WILL Grow Back
CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!
NO D*** WAY, IMPOSTOR!!!
CWC is Sad
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Emily
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
The CWCivil War of 2009
IBAChandler • CChanSonichuCWC
Videos by IBAChandler
REAL Protest against the FAKE • Do Not Dis C Ville • I Am The TRUE, Original Christopher Christian Weston Chandler • CWC Update 29 July 2009 • That Goatee WILL Grow Back • C.W.C. - Thank You :) • Exposing Jeff • Hand Drawn Original • CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!! • Final Warning • Look at the truth! • CWC Public Disclaimer • NO D*** WAY, IMPOSTOR!!! • The Contest's Purpose • Light His Mind's Darkest Hour • 10152009 • For Chris • For Chris II • SHE IS MINE NOW • My Half of A Whole New World for Kacey • Rescuing Kacey From Christian W Chandler • CWC is Sad
SingStar Challenge
Announcement and Rules • Rounds: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5
Other people
Kacey • Matthew Devoria • Katie Bay
Contact
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Liquid_Chris&oldid=347588"