Title: List of fictional characters guest appearing in Sonichu
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/List_of_fictional_characters_guest_appearing_in_Sonichu
Categories: Lists, Characters, Things Chris has ripped off
================================================================================

This article is out of date.
We need information on other fictional characters appearing in Sonichu, more examples of which can be found on this page.We suggest you keep up with the times.
Yeah, doc, how dare you use other people's characters without their permission?
One of the hallmarks of the Sonichu series is its frequent use of guest appearances by fictional characters from other properties. The following is a list of these characters.
Note that this list is not intended to include any of the following:
Characters based upon real-life people, such as Mary Lee Walsh and B-Manajerk.
Characters created by people other than Chris but basically intended for the comic, like Megagi and Jiggliami.
Fan characters and parodies that Chris has chosen to acknowledge, like Simonchu and Asperchu.
Thinly-veiled ripoffs of existing characters, like Sonichu, Rosechu, Simonla, G.D.W. Shinabe... well, you get the idea.
Contents
1 Sonic the Hedgehog franchise
1.1 Sonic the Hedgehog
1.2 Amy Rose
1.3 Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik
1.4 Shadow the Hedgehog
1.5 Mighty the Armadillo
1.6 Tiara Boobowski
1.7 Perfect Chaos Monster
2 Pokémon
3 Gilligan's Island
4 Yu-Gi-Oh!
5 My Little Pony
6 Hyperdimension Neptunia
7 Others
7.1 Sonichu 13
Sonic the Hedgehog franchise
Sonic the Hedgehog
Main article: Sonic the Hedgehog
SEGA mascot and a major example of copyright infringement in the comic (aside from Sonichu). He makes a few appearances in the comic. Most notably in the first issue, as he's partly responsible for Sonichu's existence, as described below. He also shows up to help Sonichu again in Sonichu #1, after Rosechu gets kidnapped.
Sonic also appears on the cover of Sonichu #11 and gets a episode of him, Sonichu, and Chris 'catching up' in the Patreon-exclusive pages.
Amy Rose
Main article: Amy Rose
"I had no idea that the Les Enfants Terribles Project had gone this far!"
Sonic the Hedgehog's love interest. Amy Rose in the video games is a twelve-year-old fangirl who has an obsessive crush on Sonic and often pursues him on his adventures to try and get his attention and appreciation.
That said, she at least does something in the video games, and often helps out the rest of the heroes on their quest, such as in Sonic Adventure, where she singlehandedly defeated the Zero robot and in Sonic Adventure 2, where she broke into a military base and freed a captured Sonic. In Sonichu, however, all her personality is gone and she is just as vapid and useless and stereotypical as any Rosechu. She shows up for a couple of pages in Sonichu #1 where she talks with Rosechu at CWCville Mall about meaningless bullshit.
Dr. Ivo "Eggman" Robotnik
Main article: Doctor Robotnik
Even Eggman was never this flamboyant.
Recurring villain of the Sonic the Hedgehog games. A mad genius with an IQ of 300, Dr. Eggman has tried to conquer the world multiple times, in an effort to build his own nation of robotic followers: Eggmanland. In Sonichu, however, he shows up to help Giovanni devise a trap for Sonichu and later helps to try and take over CWCville with the PVCC. Why he would do any of these things, or have a grudge against Chris in the first place, is never addressed.
Also of note is that in the games, Eggman has a fleet of thousands of battleships, billions of robots, including elite androids based on Shadow the Hedgehog and the nigh unstoppable E-Series robots, as well as gigantic controllable mechs, and of course Metal Sonic. Not only this, but he also has access to multiple doomsday weapons, not least of all a huge satellite (as seen in Sonic Unleashed) equipped with a death ray that could easily destroy the entire planet. However, none of these resources whatseoever are employed against Chris at any point, Robotnik instead relying on catching Pokémon and allying with Mary Lee Walsh (again, for no apparent reason).
Shadow the Hedgehog
Main articles: Shadow the Hedgehog and Christian & The Hedgehog Boys
The Ultimate Life Form created by Dr. Gerald Robotnik, this angst-filled hedgehog is the focal point of a number of Sonic games made in the mid-2000s and is the inspiration of Blake. Despite not appearing in the comics proper, Shadow DOES make an appearance in an ad for Christian and the Hedgehog Boys' solo album.
Mighty the Armadillo
Mistakenly spelled "Mighty the Armordillo" by Chris, Mighty is a supporting character from the Sonic the Hedgehog video games, including Knuckles Chaotix and SegaSonic the Hedgehog. Due to his relative obscurity and passing resemblance to more popular Sonic characters, Mighty may be misidentified by Sonichu readers as another one of Chris's crappy "original" characters.
When Chris travels back in time to relive the moment he "created" Bionic the Hedgehog, he recalls that he would often imagine Sonic characters acting out scenes in the books he read. According to Chris, he was reading a "Fear Street" novel by R.L. Stine, imagining Mighty as one of the characters, when he was struck on the head by a basketball, and at the same moment, imagined an orange version of Sonic emerging from a locker door where Mighty was standing.
Chris has a penchant for characters that no one has heard of.
Tiara Boobowski
Even more obscure is Tiara. Originally created as a playable character, but later mitigated as an NPC and love interest for Sonic, in the canceled Sonic X-Treme game for the Sega Genesis, bumped to the Sega 32X, and finally the Sega Saturn before being scrapped outright.
She appears alongside Mighty the Armadillo while Chris fantasizes about inserting Sonic characters in R.L Stine novels. He would mention this after lamenting the cancellation in the first IRC chat.
Nearly two years later, Chris created her in ModNation Racers. It should be noted that Tiara was drawn with orange fur and brown hair in the Sonic X-Treme concept art, yet Chris depicts her all-pink like Amy Rose.
Perfect Chaos Monster
Perfect Chaos as he appears in Sonic X vs Perfect Chaos as he appears in Sonichu. Kinda lost his luster, huh?
Perfect Chaos, or "Perfect Chaos Monster" as Chris calls him, is the final form of Chaos, a villain introduced in the Sonic the Hedgehog game Sonic Adventure. Composed of a liquid substance, Chaos assumes multiple shapes as it acquires the seven Chaos Emeralds, absorbing their negative energy to increase its power. Upon obtaining all seven, Chaos becomes Perfect Chaos, a serpentine creature of massive size, and proceeds to destroy the city of Station Square. Sonic defeats Perfect Chaos by utilizing the positive energy of the Chaos Emeralds, which transforms him into Super Sonic.
This battle was adapted by Chris to provide the background for the origin of Sonichu in the premiere issue of his new comic book series. The Sonichu series begins with a male Pikachu wandering into Station Square in the middle of a fight between Super Sonic and Perfect Chaos, whom Chris identifies as the "Perfect Chaos Monster". During the fight, Sonic accidentally collides with the Pikachu, somehow triggering an unexplained phenomenon which imparts Sonic's appearance and powers upon the Pikachu. The new Pikachu/Sonic hybrid awakens to find Sonic has still not defeated Perfect Chaos, and rushes to his aid. Using his new-found powers, he defeats the monster, and the onlookers, who mistake him for Sonic's super form, credit Sonic for the victory (retconning the Sonic Adventure game so that Sonic is little more than an assistant to Chris's original character). Contemplating his new form, the mutated Pikachu adopts the name "Sonichu", and returns to the wild. After that, Perfect Chaos is never mentioned again in the pages of Sonichu.
Pokémon
Main article: Pokémon
Being the other half preexisting IP that Chris ripped off from to create his character, it's no surprise that Pokémons Pokémen Pokémon would appear within the comics.
Gilligan's Island
The "S" in "Sonichu" stands for "Subtlety".
In Sonichu #8, Chris sought to humiliate his arch-nemesis Jason Kendrick Howell with a scathing parody of Encyclopedia Dramatica. In a feeble attempt to be coy, Chris refrained from identifying Howell in the comic right away, instead referring to him only as Jason, followed by a clever cameo appearance to hint at his last name. Since no anime or Family Guy characters are named "Howell", this forced Chris to delve into legitimate pop culture, and soon he found Thurston Howell III and Lovey Howell, the élitist millionaire couple on the classic TV series Gilligan's Island. Chris is probably blissfully unaware that the joke will probably sail very far over the heads of his target demographic, and he's also unaware that there are countries on GodJesus's green earth where the show hasn't aired for decades. Or ever.
Appearing outside the 4-cent_garbage.com building, Thurston chides Lovey for forgetting her purse, to which Lovey explains that she had grown used to neglecting it from their time stranded upon the island. Chris then challenges the reader to guess Jason's last name, a pointless exercise, as Chris had already mentioned "Jason Kendrick Howell" several times on his website, YouTube videos, and anywhere other public forum available to him in 2008.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
For no obvious reason, William Spicer is depicted in Sonichu 5 as the Yu-Gi-Oh! character Jack's Knight. His role is extremely limited, as Chris foresees him being brutally murdered by Wes-Li Sonichu and rushes to avert this tragedy. Jack's Knight proves to be a lumbering moron, unable to save his bride Sarah Hammer from Wes-Li or do much of anything but wait for Chris to defeat the villain.
My Little Pony
Main article: My Little Pony
Even before becoming a tomgirl, Chris showed interest in these cartoon horses as they make a cameo in the Wedding Comic. In Sonichu #12-9, they make up the vast majority of the comic.
Hyperdimension Neptunia
Main article: Hyperdimension Neptunia
Since the Idea Guys were massive weeaboos, many Hyperdimension Neptunia characters were shoehorned into Sonichu #13. Neptune, Uzume, Kurome, and Blanc all appear in the issue, although their roles in the "story" are minor at best.
After control of Chris was wrestled away from the Idea Guys from the Guard Dogs, Chris completely dropped all Neptunia characters from the Sonichu comics. Chris has instead borrowed lore from the game series and proclaimed himself to be a CPU goddess (both in the comics and in real life).
Others
A beloved American cartoon icon for decades, representative of the wacky World War II propaganda cartoons and the early 20th-century vaudeville theater, Bugs Bunny appeared briefly in Sonichu #10 to scold Jimmy Hill for his infringement upon Sonichu's copyright. This is a subtle reference to Mr. Hill's conviction over bootlegging Warner Bros. merchandise in Europe years earlier. It's also staggeringly ironic how Chris pouts over infringement of his (non-existent) copyright via use of another copyrighted character.
The Skelevision and the Ghost Buggy are borrowed from Filmation's Ghostbusters cartoon for the infamous "Family Guy skitch" in Sonichu #7. Ghost Buggy in particular has secured his place in Sonichu lore.
In a nod to the Futurama: Bender's Big Score DVD, Bender is seen careening through the time void in Sonichu #7.
Beavis and Butt-head make a brief cameo in Sonichu #7.
From Transformers, both Optimus Prime and Megatron have appeared in the comics to callously murder innocents.
Sackboy from Little Big Planet pops up in Sonichu #10 to warn readers not to bootleg his game.
In Sonichu #8, Chris alludes to his discovery that Blanca was a troll by depicting her true form as the titular Troll from the 1986 movie.
After Chris and Ivy's wedding in Sonichu Special 1, a pony from My Little Pony is used to draw their carriage.
Meg Griffin seemingly appears in Sonichu #10 to fulfill a romantic fantasy of Chris's – that is, his fantasy to kiss a hedgehog with a penis.
The cast of Planet Dolan was set to appear in a crossover special in Sonichu #12-9 but Chris scrapped the idea after DoopieDoOver burned her bridges with Chris.
Sonichu 13
Thanks to the influence of the Idea Guys, Sonichu #13 contains several characters from movies and video games.
Neptune, one of the main goddess CPUs from Hyperdimension Neptunia is rescued by Sylvana.
Uzume, another CPU of Hyperdimension Neptunia merges with Kurome Ankokuboshi, one of the main antagonists in the game series to become "the full Uzume".
Akan, the main antagonist of Hardcore Henry, leads and funds the Russian forces during his invasion of CWCville.
Monika from Doki Doki Literature Club! accompanied Akan in his invasion of CWCville.
Bumblebee and Optimus Prime from Transformers stands by with the army to guard CWCville. They die "by the writing hands of Michael Bay", who kills them off in the next (theoretical and entirely fictional, in this case) Transformers movie- a reference to Bay's track record of unceremoniously murdering fan-favorite Transformers characters in his movies.
Emmet Brown from Back to the Future helped Chris return to Virginia.
The titular Sailor Moon appears in a panel; her words are too low resolution to decipher.
Sailor Mercury from Sailor Moon becomes wheelchair-bound due the American government giving her E11, a powerful magical material. She commits suicide but comes to Chris in a vision, blessing him with her energies.
Blanc, yet another Hyperdimension Neptunia goddess appears, going on a date with Chris.
Discord, the god of chaos from My Little Pony, kills all Nazi occupants in Equestria with heart attacks and creates a magical barrier around Equestria to prevent further invasions.
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=List_of_fictional_characters_guest_appearing_in_Sonichu&oldid=327685"