Title: LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2010
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/LoveYouLongTime_E-mails,_2010
Categories: Category, E-mails
================================================================================

This page contains e-mails between Chris and personas played by LoveYouLongTime, from 2010.
Contents
1 Relationship with the Wallflower
2 A-logging Tito
3 Socializing and the attraction sign
4 Chris, the Relationship Counselor
5 MHS Reunion
6 Modnations game
7 Waiting for $9001
8 So many excuses
9 Trollin Stupid Pickle-Suited Woman Thief
Relationship with the Wallflower
In this email, Chris -- ever mindful of a woman's right to choose -- considers telling the Wallflower to "put out or shut up."
Mon, Feb 15, 2010 at 12:17 AM
I was thinking (probably dangerous) further about telling [REDACTED] about splitting the bill or putting out and all. She REALLY is a sweet woman, and telling her something like "put out or shut up", or inferring sex like that, may hurt her feelings or confuse and upset her. I would not want to ruin a good friendship, yet I do want to progress the relationship. Although, there is a chance she may know of sex without love,or sex with like (between friends)... Aaugh! I feel so confused.
Please reply with straightforward advice.
Stay Safe, Christian C.
Or you can suggest it to her subtly... "headache"
A-logging Tito
Mon, Mar 15, 2010 at 9:44 PM
I don't think I'll be able to answer your call tonight. I hit the hay at during the 1 AM hour last night, awoke at 9 this morning, and I am feeling sleepy now. Please e-mail me back anything new from you, including any details of new Boy Toy, BTW, a headshot photo of him would be good for the information pool.
My heart still aches; the only thing that's making me even crack a smile is a TV comedy, like "Seinfeld"; I also liked the parody they did in the new "Family Guy" where they played a transition riff from "Seinfeld". Also, I haven't watched it yet, but PSN is offering the Pilot of "Sons of Tucson" for Free (Limited Time). I'm still disappointed that the "Hired Father" is not Jack Black; this guy looks and sounds a LOT like J.B.
Also, I pick up my copy of the Ultimate Edition of God of War III tomorrow; I am fully paid on the item, and I have been looking forward to it for months. It all comes in a hand-crafted replica of Pandora's Box.
I'II TTYTomorrow, or I'll send you another e-mail.
Stay Safe, and please keep me updated on [REDACTED]'s safety, being and all, as well as the building info on the B.T. I'm planning on Snail-Mailing an invitation to your birthday party next month, along with this pen I bought for her (with a built-in laser pointer and flashlight) with hand-painted [REDACTED] name and "TAPS" Logo within the next few days.
Christian.
Mon, Mar 15, 2010 at 10:49PM
I talked with [REDACTED] and that email she sent you is real.
Tue, Mar 16, 2010 at 6:25 AM
I see, so my adversary IS Tito. How about the photo Tito sent me last Tuesday (supposedly of Him and [REDACTED]); is that him for real too? (On a personal thought) And if it really is Tito in that picture, [REDACTED] could have done a LOT BETTER than that Son of a Bitch; he has a belly SOO big, it actually LOOK LIKES HE COULD BE PREGNANT, he is also a really Ugly Sucka.
Good job, and thank you, on that e-mail confirmation. I await further developments on the info collection of that Trollin' Stupid Jackass.
Here's a thought of what I WOULD do to Tito, I would knock him down to the ground, landing on his back, then I would stand on his gut, and make like a log-roller and roll the fat up to his head, and make that fat burst his skull open. I told him that, and the bastard laughed at me in his e-mail reply. What's this world coming to when the GOOD women would leave the Nice Man gets dumped and left behind for the Obnoxious, Pug-Ugly Brutes commonly found in the Low-Rent Districts? Please continue encouraging her to DUMP his Sorry, Fat-Gutted Ass.
I'II TTYL, Stay Safe,
Christian.
Socializing and the attraction sign
Sat, Jul 17, 2010 at 6:13 PM
Hey, [REDACTED]. I apologize for not picking up or e-mailing the past couple of days/nights; I went out to Fridays for a drink Thursday evening; made two new friends; a 22-year old pretty woman who's going through a divorce currently (lucky) and her best male friend. I also made a friendship with the owner of Fridays; I got a bit loud in the main drunk part, but she was a nice woman. Friday I went to FriAft5; I lured out a Troll who took a photo of me in front of me with a warning of "Sorry, Dude, but I gotta take this". I should have gone after him, but my only plan was to snap his picture back with my DSi camera, and I did not have a pursuit plan in my head. I later thought one up, putting aside the Snapping the Troll plan; next time, I WILL pursue, stare him down and make the S.O.B. delete the photo. No doubt the photo is on the Cwcki now, but I'm not going to give them their sick pleasure of attention. I did the sign again, but I added, "Friendly and Naughty", onto it. It worked better; I actually got the attention of a pretty woman with no ring on her hand; she seemed spanish to me. Anyway, between BOTH nights, I felt really sleepy and crashed early.
From the signage experience yesterday, I have later thought of what I have learned from the new trial; the sign worked better with Adjectives of Myself. Then on the way home, I hear on the John Tesh Radio Show ways of bettering the Online Dating Profile. Instead of stating what you want in your partner, TALK ABOUT YOURSELF in Selling Yourself like a New Car. I have a new idea now, instead of a sign stating of the "Single Man Zone" or "I Need a Woman", it will consist of Positive Adjectives of myself, THEN women who read it will have a chance to learn about me from the adjectives, and a better probable chance of getting them to hang out with me and converse.
In another note, I searched for Extra Kratos MNR Codes from the Gamestops around town; obviously most of them did not have any, but the one in Fashion Square HAD a FULL set of them leftover. The Mystery Mods with All of them though were All Gophers, so I am looking to trade them for the remaining two Mystery Mods need, the Cowboy and the Mouse. They Mystery Mod can be learned without Full Redemption of the code by entering the code, then the M.M. comes up, press Circle to back up all the way, and the code is Still Valid. Sadly, the Preorder Codes all expire tomorrow, so I have some Work to do.
I have just tried directly over the PSN in the ModSpot; no takers, just a bunch of youngsters playing around. So, I'm now going to try the GameFAQs MNR Board to offer the Trade. If you can find me any leads, I would appreciate it.
I'll TTYL. Y'all stay safe and cool,
Christian.
Chris, the Relationship Counselor
Fri, Jul 23, 2010 at 8:19 PM
I'll be frank about it. [REDACTED] and I are no longer together. He did the unthinkable and I caught him last night in the bedroom with some Korean hookers. [REDACTED] was there too. I just don't know what to do...I'm just torn right now. I need somebody to talk to right now. I've just been sitting around with a bottle of Jack and Jose Cuervo.
You know what, fuck it all. I'm still going to go to Otakon and I'm
going to have a blast. Who knows, maybe I'll have a little extra fun while I'm there.
Sat, Jul 24, 2010 at 4:57 AM
Damn! I am soo sorry for you; I wish I was up earlier to pick up, but crashed early. The best thing to do at a time like this is to remain calm and sort out the details for yourself to make a sound perception for yourself, followed by a solution.
Let's begin with you filling me in, in your own words, on what perspired. Has anything recently given cause for [REDACTED] to do what he did? Perhaps there was a lack of sexual or lovey-dovey energy between you two mutually; [REDACTED] may have felt a loss of that "Spark". He may have had a hard time getting it up for you, so he sought outside influence to make himself ready for you. I don't know; I'm not [REDACTED].
From my perspective so far, you have had your good feelings for [REDACTED] you felt heavy shock and despair when you found him in the act.
But digress, I have yet for you to fill me in on your perspective.
I do not want you to go to the Otakon feeling very sad and down; I want you to be able to go with a neutral to pleasant feeling. I am concerned of what may happen if you go the way you are feeling; I do not want to see you more hurt or worse.
Also, I recommend counting your blessings; you still have your good health, your family, me as a friend, and you can hang with [REDACTED]. If you wish, I may be able to go with you in his place, with mutual friendship level understanding (no sex or that sort); considering he has already preregistered for the Otakon.
Dearest take your time and tell me your thoughts.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
MHS Reunion
Sun, Aug 22, 2010 at 1:17 PM
I'm sorry.
It was a short day for me yesterday; I got up real late in the day, and I did not have much to talk about. :(
I felt bad, and ashamed of myself.
Anyway, I just got back from Church; it was good.
I suddenly felt the inspiration to get in contact with Mr. Koste (Principal) of Manchester High, so right now I am looking for his e­mail address.
I REALLY want this Reunion to Happen.
I still have my dreams of being back at M.H.S. taking classes again, and hanging out in my Newberry Towne Home, plus recently I created new mods: Two M.H.S. Basketball Players, a Varsity Cheerleader (all nameless; the
Cheerleader's face was based from old friend Laura Dorazio), myself from 1996 (when both of my eyes were blue) complete with M.H.S. Sweatshirt and my "M.G.R." and Honor Roll Star Pins in the center of my embroided "M"s, a Mod with the M.H.S. Sweatshirt and "M"s (No Pins), and Bionic the Hedgehog.
And I created a Manchester High School (Party) Bus, with my initials on the upper back, and underneath a message, "Class of 2000 Reunion Required Now!!!".
So, currently, I am going to PUSH for the Reunion by insisting I talk to Mr. Koste, having him find the C.O.2000 student who put together the Seinor Prom, and getting him/her to put together the Reunion (Hopefully it can be arranged to be held in the M.H.S. Gym).
I'll likely hit the hay early tonight, so I'll TTYTomorrow.
Stay Safe.
Love and Peace,
Christian.
Modnations game
Thu, Aug 26, 2010 at 7:18 PM
Hey. I'm okay. I was just reading another delightful email from Jackie. Plus I was just reading a bit of interesting info on the Forum; one of them possibly getting a job at the local BK, and recognizing the women with Pink Shirts, Long Hair and Pickle Earrings (also the password of "Do you think I'm Fat?" **"Chris is Fat" and tuck hair behind an ear to
reveal earring).
I had another late night; woke up late again. This morning, though, I created a new track; Cwcville 5/5 Beach; it is Awesome; first you're driving through a crowded beach with tents and umbrellas, then fighting a bit of street traffic; a dash through the mall, drift around the Lighthouse and off the cliff and into the Ocean (but not too deep; I have to have the track kept up to a certain level versus the water; otherwise the drivers would drown). You're dodging the other Boats puttering about as you drive through the twists and turns; there's an optional shortcut through the pirate ship wreck. It is Wild, Wet fun on the open seas.
I also put together another track I got from a dream; going uphill a central mountain with ModNation Castle on it with the city surrounding it, and a scenic only view of the ModSpot across from. It's okay; I let the computer autopopulate the track with the gameplay; item pods, devestators, etc.
And I created two Troll Mods (one male and one female), based on the flying little devils which infested my Tripod Site Warehouse in my 10th Book. In the details of each Troll, I added a word of advice in Internet Safety and Prevention of getting Trolled.
And I created a "TrollBusters" Truck; "We're here to Bust the CyberBullying/Trolling Terror around the world." I souped up a garbage truck with radar, foglight and such, and I wrote a message on the back, "CyberBullying is Not Cool!!!" And in the license plate, "Troll And Die." And the TrollBusters name and Logo are on both sides of the truck.
I'll be going out to eat with my family in a bit.
I want to be good back at you, so take tonight and tomorrow night off; don't worry about calling me. You go out to somewhere like the Corner and have some good, safe fun. :) Any new thoughts I have before Saturday, I'll email them to you.
Love and Peace to you.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
Waiting for $9001
Tue, Sep 7, 2010 at 4:40 PM
Hey, [REDACTED] I just got back home after an outing with my father; we had lunch at Kroger then got some cat food for less at Food Lion. I'll be watching the news in half an hour.
I just got this e-mail from Tito; thank god my PC's monitor blocked the lower half of the photo, or I would have been more offended than I already am of it.
I am usually very watchful and careful of any suspicious people, so I will be on the lookout for anyone who may approach me.
On that note, when I was at Fashion Square the past Tuesday waiting for their female "Agent" for the big money, I noticed a young Asian woman sitting nearby. She had long, black hair, and wore an orange t-shirt. She sat in her location for a good while during the time I was there. And she also walked around my location. I later saw on the Cwcki the video of me waiting at the mall that day; I think this orange-shirted asian woman was the one who took the video, possibly with her camera phone. |:( I felt like I should have done something, but I was preoccupied with waiting for the Pickle-Tattooed-Breasted Woman.
Anyhoo, I was also thinking after I've completed the pilot comic, maybe I can get references from Elizabeth of someone who can help me print the TrollBusters Pilot Comic as a Public Service to make the public more aware of the cyber bullies and trolls and tips on how everyone can protect themselves.
I'm assuming you're talking of the Starbucks in Fashion Square; please verify that for me when we talk tonight. And 3:00 is good. I look forward to seeing you again and hanging, even though it'll be only for 20 minutes. I can treat you to a coffee if you want.
I would also like to remind you that I really appreciate your friendship deeply; it means soo much to me that I have one friend in this smuggy town. Thank you sooooooo much, :)
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe,
Christian.
So many excuses
Tue, Sep 21, 2010 at 7:06 PM
Okay, Truth Time. Firstly, I've got no comic pages drawn yet for the TrollBusters, although I do have the in-game photographs taken and saved (I've sent the set of photos to you in a forwarded e-mail). And on that topic, when I said I had drawn a few drawings in the set number of days in a row, I didn't. The only things I've drawn recently were the rorschach-like free-style drawings and the circle-jerking drawings for Jackie. I have told my mother and father of that Friday Night when I attempted to snap the photo of Michael for a dartboard and got caught, but I still have not told them of my past PS3 being fully-functional before its destruction. And the past times when I said I applied for a job at anywhere at Fashion Square and Barnes & Nobles; all lies. Damn all of those trolls for smearing my once good name soo bad that any background check would fail for me and NO JOB for the Christian Man! And I WOULD do things in the community to better my name, but I do not have any ideas of what I could do that would be even considered Television-News-Worthy that would better my rep. Another thing I liked about my High School years better than my adult life, I was not aware of the Social Reputations, or the "Social Rules", Status and such, and that state of mind continued on into up to when it started to matter after I've learned of the Trolls in November of 2K7. DAMNIT!!! I wish people would not give a damn of what rumors are being spread in this Immature High School of a World of ANY PERSON and JUST OPEN UP TO BE NICE TO EVERYONE, like in a Small Town of YesterCentury or at a bar like "Cheers."
That's all I can think of for now, I'll let you know of any more I remember later.
I won't be picking up tonight, because of my AIM appointment with Jackie, and I am still shook up with the way you talked to me last night. Frankly, you could be a LOT nicer and compassionate in voice tone when telling me the truth. I have been very sick of people, including and especially my father, raising their voices to me, even when they may not mean to. My mental problems often make me unaware of the hidden clues there; I would take it literally.
I just remembered another thing I should tell you; when I tell you, "I'll talk to you later"; I Do Not necessarily mean Tomorrow; I mean more like in a couple of days, or in an e-mail. But when I tell you "I'll talk to you tomorrow", UNLESS I tell you otherwise beforehand in an e-mail, I mean it seriously.
Stay Safe, and I'II TTYL,
Christian.
Tue, Sep 21, 2010 at 7:51 PM
"I am still shook up with the way you talked to me last night. Frankly, you could be a LOT nicer and compassionate in voice tone when telling me the truth. I have been very sick of people, including and especially my father, raising their voices to me, even when they may not mean to. My mental problems often make me unaware of the hidden clues there; I would take it literally."
Chris. Talking nicely to you hasn't worked in the past with you. EVER. You simply ignore me or brush me off when I have talked nicely to you. "Raising my voice" at you has been the only successful way to get you to pay attention and actually think about it. Chris, you react to me like a CHILD. Get over it. People will raise their voices at you for the rest of your life.
Ah, well, "background check" for a job is just a criminal check. You're not failing the background check. You're probably just blowing interviews. Don't worry about it, as long as you keep applying to jobs you might find someone who you're not grossing out. Did I mention that when we hung out you smelled pretty bad? You should probably work on that.
And I know I'm harsh sometimes. Like, I promise that I won't tell you the truth about your situation ever again. I'll only tell you what you want to hear, OK?
If you think I'm being too "mean" to you then we could simply NOT be friends. I put forth so much fucking effort this past year to improve your life and all you worry about is me raising my voice. Most people would have given up by now, because how little you've improved. You still don't have a job, you still don'tt do much but play video games, you still live an unhealthy lifestyle in general. This is all on you. Not the trolls. About the job thing, you won't KNOW if they did a background check unless you actually attempt to make an effort to apply.
So it's your choice if you want to continue this friendship or not. But if you decide to keep our friendship, then YOU'RE going to have to actually show some effort in my advice to you.
Wed, Sep 22, 2010 at 7:51 PM
[REDACTED], I do not ignore you, I swear. And I am sorry for being difficult to read and all. I can sense the sarcasm in your statement, "Like, I promise that I won't tell you the truth about your situation ever again. I'll only tell you what you want to hear, OK?" Just because I'm being difficult in hearing the truth sometimes, it does not mean I want you to stop telling me the truth.
I do not want our friendship to end over a squabble over me telling you about your voice tone. You wanted me to come clean with the past lies, and I did. I couldn't make the new McDonalds today, but I will by the weekend. My car has been in the shop since Monday for a Steering Rod adjustment (and possible replacement). And I will apply for a job in person.
My lifestyle does need improvement; having only two elderly parents for an example to follow is not all that helpful either. And I do shower often; I'm surprised you thought I stunk from that day. I also had some Old Spice deodorant on me.
I'll e-mail you daily, and we'll hold on the phone conversations for a while. I also would like to hear what you do in your days for outings (aside from your job) and such.
Jackie and I had fun talking on AIM last night, and we're thinking of doing it again Thursday or Friday night.
I'II TTYL.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
Trollin Stupid Pickle-Suited Woman Thief
Mon, Mar 15, 2010 at 2:01 AM
Here's the deal, I'm now thinkin' I want to intercept the new Boy Toy personally, meet and greet, punch his chops; force the Trollin' Stupid, Pickle-Suited Woman Thief to leave [REDACTED] and he tells her that "He would feel happier seeing her spending her days together with Christian, who Truly Loves and Cares about her very much, and who can provide more for her than he could ever in his whole life." An old-fashioned plan I've learned from a few TV Shows and Movies, true, but it's effective.
But first, I need to know my adversary; his name, age, height, build, profession, other traits, the make/model of his car, and definitely his street address (maybe his phone number too).
One thing that will likely change my mind of doing this is if [REDACTED] agrees to come meet with me and Rocky, so We three can calmly discuss the situation, find good resolution, resume our friendship, and lose the new Boy Toy forever.
I'm going to tell you right now [REDACTED], my Heart has been feeling like it is Petrified to Stone since from the first "Hate You" and "We're No Longer Friends" message last Wednesday. Now that I have my target. I can seek restitution for my Lingering Heartaches, Sleepless Nights, and lost emotions that can ONLY be regained by [REDACTED] and her Sweet, True Friendship and Lovin' like it was before.
Like I said, I am not going to go down without a fight (compared to the lost bunch of women I've known before, where they were in other states/countries and I never got the opportunity to meet them in person, and that with [REDACTED] it is Local for me, AND I HAVE THE BETTER CHANCE to get her back). I've waited SOOOOOOOLONG For This Love and Happiness, No Fuckin' Way I'm Letting It Go.
Heartaches, Heart Petrification, and the "Ex"Label all hurt very much.
TTYL. Stay Safe,Christian.
Gallery
Emily Saga
The Players
People: Chris • LoveYouLongTime (Emily • Kim Wilson • Unknown Gal-pals) • Bob Chandler • Man in the Pickle Suit • Magical Man • Clyde Cash • Faeryn • Robert Simmons V • Bryan Bash • Statustjej
LoveYouLongTime:
Emily:
Kim:
E-mails (2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎)
Kiwi Farms Posts
Church Visit
Date with Emily
Hooker incident
Sign Destruction Video
A Message to Chris Chan. From an old friend.
Chris's Big Night Out
Chris's Big Night Out II
Rollin' and Trollin'
Magical Man Potion
Confirmation of spooning
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Liquid
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=LoveYouLongTime_E-mails,_2010&oldid=301054"