Title: Mailbag 1
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Mailbag_1
Categories: 
================================================================================

Mailbag 1,
created 19 November 2009, was the first Mailbag posted on the CWCipedia. Chris only answered the ones that lavished the appropriate amount of praise on him, and deleted all the others. Highlights include Chris promising to bring back Sub-Episodes (which he never did), dodging questions about race relations, and babbling about making a cure for homosexuality.
Contents
1 Answered
1.1 Sonichu the bad guy
1.2 Subepisodes and transformers
1.3 Chris on racism and evolution
1.4 Imposter's powers
1.5 Timeline suggestion
1.6 Inspiration
1.7 The cure for homosexuality
1.8 In which Chris plans to steal a plot
1.9 Chris the inventor
1.10 Chris is alive so quit bitching
1.11 Bring back the Luv Shack
1.12 Sonichu live-action
2 Rejected Mailbag
2.1 Choose your own adventure
2.2 Gay for Sonichu
2.3 The gay black atheist fanbase
2.4 High praise for Liquid Chris
2.5 More high praise for Liquid Chris
2.6 God damn that Liquid Chris guy is awesome
Answered
Sonichu the bad guy
Oh boy! Free candy!
From: gunterschmttrlng@aol.com
It's soo cool that Christian is updating Sonichu so much lately! I love this comic, but my only wish is that it would update more frequently. I know inspiration is a big variable, but still! Also a BIG THANKS to everybody at maintaining CWCipedia so Chris can update his comics and thoughts.
Sincerely,
Gunter
(P.S. I sent a little fan art. It's not as good as Chris but you get the idea!)
Thank you, Gunter, for your encouragement. I appreciate your fanart, but I have to tell you, it is a frightening image, and it makes Sonichu look like a bad guy, when Clearly He Is Not. --ChrisChanSonichu 01:44, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Subepisodes and transformers
From: Martin Witzel <ryu23456@hotmail.com>
I really loved the Subepisodes Chris. I miss them, they provided SOO Many Information about you and I generally Miss your Presence in the Comic.
The Transformer movie did not Appeal to me. So I am happy when the Transformer Arc will Finally be Over!!!
The Italicized part of this email was deleted by Chris, who cannot handle criticism.
Martin, I did away with the Sub-Episodes, because I felt they were just an extra I did not need. But I will add side-episodes after book 10 of stories of and around my life and Cwcville. Thank you for your input. --ChrisChanSonichu 01:44, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Chris on racism and evolution
From: Andrew Keefe <l.shavarash@gmail.com>
I was just wondering... what's your opinion on race relations in the US? Do you believe that black people have been horribly mistreated?
Thanks!
also
What's your stance on the evolution debate?
I feel that black people should be treated as equals like the common white folk, because we, like them and all other races, live on the same planet; are considerably immigrants in past generations, and we all are human beings.
To each their own opinion of our origins, although personally I feel it is a combination of both when you think about it. --ChrisChanSonichu 01:44, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Imposter's powers
From: Johnny Estes <johnestes4@gmail.com>
Dear Chris,
How does the impostor brown Sonichu's transformation work? Did Robotnik somehow find a way to duplicate the Anchuent Powers? And if so, why doesn't he just give fake medallions to all the Jerkops to make their army more powerful?
From John N. Estes
More or less like normal transformations, but are more weak, because the powers are artificial. This one was a prototype. --ChrisChanSonichu 01:44, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Timeline suggestion
From: Lea Pineau <ashtonlea@live.com>
I love the series!! ^^
But theres some stuff I'm confused about, like when things happen and stuff. Could you maybe make a timeline to show us fans when exactly plot points in the story happen!? THANKS!!
That is a good suggestion, Lea; I will take that into great consideration. Thank you for your input. --ChrisChanSonichu 01:44, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Inspiration
From: Cody Larson <cody.m.l0101@gmail.com>
Omg hi! Is this Chris? Like, THE christian weston chandler? Creator of Sonichu? I really hope it is. I found this email address on the CWCipedia? I really hope it gets to you. I just wanted to say how awesome I think Sonichu is, and how happy I am that you've been doing more comic pages! Please don't stop with the daily comic pages Chris, they really give me something to look forward to every night. I would like to state that I am a 24 year old STRAIGHT girlfriend free boy who is looking for a true and honest sweetheart just like yourself...I do have a few questions...if you would be so kind as to answer them...I don't expect you have a lot of time after reading through all your fan mail and drawing the comic...but if you could find some time...it would really make me feel a little better...maybe you could even help me..
First off I was wondering where you get your insperation from? So many of your characters and situations I can relate too in real life, have a lot of the things that appear in the comic happened to you in real life, or is most of it stuff you just come up with?
I'll make this short and only ask two questions.
Second question: How do you keep yourself going? Sometimes...it's been so hard for me, I've been so lonely that I don't even want to get out of bed in the morning, it's almost like I just crash into a deep slumber and have no motivation to do anything else. Having been on your sweetheart search for years now you must understand this feeling, how do you cope with it? How do you pull yourself up every day?
Thanks Chris again, It would mean so much to me if you answered even one of my questions.
Sincerely
A TRUE Sonichu fan!
Well, Cody, for your first Q; the inspiration mostly comes to me at random, and I memorize them by writing them down for a future page or two. Some come from real life; some are made-up.
Second Q; Mostly, I take it one moment at a time; I try not to think about the negatives and focus on the positives with improvement ideas and such. I pull myself up by counting my blessings.
Keep a happy thought, Cody.
--ChrisChanSonichu 01:57, 20 November 2009 (CET)
The cure for homosexuality
From: supappleton@aol.com
Hey!
Everybody at CWCipedia is REALLY COOL DUDES for giving Chris a venue to speak his mind and upload his comics. Especially since those heinous trolls hacked into Chris's other sites and spraed lies and rumors about him. They daily updtaes are TOTALLY RADICAL TO THE MAX, and I hope Chris can keep doing them! I read a lot of webcmoics, mostly stuff like Ctrl+Alt+Del and a bunch of other gamer comics and a lot of those artists find updaitng every day way too stressful. So BIG UPS to Chris for showing the trolls a thing or two about Hard Work and honesty. Plus nobody puts as much effort and thought into his comics as Chris. I don't want to sound pushy or nothing it would be MONDO BODACIOUS if Chris could anwser a few questions?
1. Are any of the Sonichus and Rosechus autistic, or have Asperger's syndrome? Some of them seem like they do sometimes. I'm sorry if I can't give examples off the top of my head.
2. The Dating Ed episode was really interesting. I wish Chris would translate some of his BIG ideas to his comics like this more often, because the way Chris thinks about stuff and things is really interesnting. So my question is, will Chris ever do something like this again? I know he had some ideaas about he could rehabilitate the homos, so maybe he could do a comic about that.
Sorry for going on for so long!
-- Me.
NONE of the Sonichus or Rosechus are autistic or have the "aspergers" (which is NOTHING LIKE ATUSIM; look them up on Wikipedia and compare). Spoiler Alert: In the comic, during my time in the void, I end up at a later year when scientists have truly isolated the Homo Gene, and needed to isolate the Straight Gene to make the Vaccine. I Personally Volunter a bit of my blood, they find the Straight Gene, and I take a couple of syringes with me back into the void on my trek back to my time. Guess who will be the first to be injected and transformed back to his past self Permanently... Reldnahc. I took two syringes for in case one of them breaks or gets lost.
--ChrisChanSonichu 01:57, 20 November 2009 (CET)
In which Chris plans to steal a plot
From: magiccranberries@aol.com
Just a CWC (lol!) note to the CWCipedia admins:
CWCipedia is amazing! From the lavishly detailed background to Chris's amazing comics to his thoughtful essays, it's like the mind of Christian Weston Chandler is busting out of the screen and all over my face. I know it's real selfish of me to make demands and stuff, but Chris should have the Sonichus go on a road trip sometimes. They never seem to leave CWCville! When people in college go on Spring Break they usually go somewhere for Spring Break, like Florida or Mexico. Brian and Stewie from Family Guy go on road trips and adventures all the time, and these are the best episodes of the (already amazing) show. I know Family Guy is a strong influence on the Sonichu comics, so Chris should definitely have the Sonichus travel around a bit much. I know Chris doesn't do anything he doesn't want to, but could you at least suggest it to him?
Love,
Shanna
Dear Shanna, thank you for your suggestion; I have made note of it, and a Road Trip-type story will be made in the future.
--ChrisChanSonichu 02:07, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Chris the inventor
From: Leonardo DaVinci <leo.da.vinci@hotmail.com>
A Message to the person behind the CWCipedia:
I've thoroughly enjoyed the artwork of Christian Weston Chandler. Truly, he is my artistic equal.
I've also noticed that Christian has obtained a degree of Computer Aided Drafting and Design. When I was the age of Christian I was inventing many ingenious things from my imagination and observation of nature and mechanics. I also have noticed that the father of Christian was a great inventor in his day. Has Chris ever tried his hand at inventing anything? I am sure he would be as talented at it as he is with all other things.
- Leo
"Necessity is the mother of invention", and I have invented quite a few crafts that have served me well. I will list three: Sonichu, Rosechu and the City of Cwcville for One set of Inventions. Built from Legos and held together with tape, I invented a heavy-duty case to hold my 20+ Pok'emon Trading Card Game Decks with an area designed for damage counters, die and such. And the Dating Education Class.
--ChrisChanSonichu 02:07, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Chris is alive so quit bitching
From: Jessie Lamp Eye <lampexplosives@gmail.com>
I'm glad to see the comics have made a comeback, but a bit disappointed that there isn't more "Adult Chronicles" stuff. Those were always my favorite parts.
I think you mean the Sub-Episodes and stories of my life; if it makes you feel better, they never stop, because I am still alive and well.
--ChrisChanSonichu 02:15, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Bring back the Luv Shack
From: Brianna Ricaud <bricaud75@gmail.com>
Hi Chris,
Thank you SO MUCH for your comics that have enriched our lives and introduced us to a whole new perspective, or rather, to many new perspectives (sometimes several in the same page!). I'm a big fan since the Original Sonichu and Rosechu page.
A few suggestions, if I may:
- I really, really enjoyed the subepisodes and seeing more of the Adult Chronicles. I think they should be brought back to balance the intense action of Sonichu with some real life pathos and well thought out, written out storytelling.
- Any chance of bringing back Sonichu and Rosechu's Love Shack? I really enjoyed that section and think it helped a lot with my understanding and enjoyment of romance and sexuality, from a fantasy perspective yet balanced with adult mindfulness and respect.
Thank you so much!
Brianna
I am taking the life-story pieces suggestions inputed before and thinking about adding them back in the future. I may bring the Luv Shack back, in the form of a section ONLY for those 18 and older, but not right now.
--ChrisChanSonichu 02:15, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Sonichu live-action
I love your comics and I really enjoy the deep and varied story arcs you keeping going throughout all the comics (as well as the good old USA patriotism). And yesterday while reading some pages from your Adult Chronicles comic an idea hit me like a bolt of Sonichu Electricity! What about a live action Sonichu show using sonichu models and such, to be put on the YouTube for us fans to watch? I think that'd be brilliant!
Love the comics!
Scott
THAT would take action figures and such, and I have yet to create such posable figures. But as soon as I have them figured, or I get in touch with a toy manufacturer, I'll do something ala "Robot Chicken" (Keep up that fun work, Seth Green; encourage Seth McFarline to do MORE than 20 seconds for you. I've counted it in that Road to "Multiverse"; that was Definitely 10 Seconds Short of Stewie's 30-second estimate; what a True Let-Down).
--ChrisChanSonichu 02:15, 20 November 2009 (CET)
Rejected Mailbag
Choose your own adventure
From: Howard Winslow <hwinslow3@gmail.com>
A friend of mine wrote some excellent fan stories I thought you'd like:
http://cwccyoa.110mb.com/stories.htm
Sincerely,
Howard Winslow
Gay for Sonichu
From: Bernard Stephens <bernard.stephens@mail.mcgill.ca>
OMG!!!111
Love the comic!! Me and my boyfriend Mark listen to the audiobooks all the time! LUVS IT BABE!!
Have a safe day, and STAY STRAIG- er, I mean, STAY FABULOUS!!!
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxo Bernard and everyone else here at Gay4Sonichu
http://gay4sonichu.yuku.com/
love it!!!!!
The gay black atheist fanbase
From: Thorgnzorrg Jenkins <thorgnzorrg@hotmail.com>
I love Sonichu but as a gay, black atheist, I'm in somewhat of a minority. All of the black characters in Sonichu are either goofy or antagonistic, gay characters aren't shown in a good light, and as far as I can tell everyone in CWCville is a devout Christian. I love your comics and audiobooks, but they loose their appeal when I can't relate to any of the characters. Please consider including a gay, black, or atheist character in your comic.
Thank you.
High praise for Liquid Chris
From: Steven Clark <ignotus@live.co.uk>
I love your brown shirt and guitar skills you are so dreamy. keep up the good work! sonichu is the best DONT LET THAT IAN BRANDON ANDERSON GET YOU DOWN
More high praise for Liquid Chris
From: xanatosvanbadass@aim.com
Good to see you making the comics again! I hope you make to to keep them out of the hands of that naive fat bastard Ian Brandon Anderson so he won't slander your good name! P.S. I hope you and Kacey are living happily married lives.
God damn that Liquid Chris guy is awesome
From: Jordan Wiebe <greenindirt@gmail.com>
Hello Christian,
I am glad that you finally managed to get recognition for your comics being yours and Ian Brandon Anderson being nothing but a fraud. Thankfully he's no longer in control of releasing your comics and you can continue to make great comics. Hope you wedding was wonderful and I'm glad that Ian didn't ruin that for you either. Nice job on the copyright.
Jordan Wiebe
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Mailbag 1
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Mailbag_1&oldid=272757"