Title: Mailbag 2
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Mailbag_2
Categories: 
================================================================================

Mailbag 2 is the second batch of fanmail placed on the CWCipedia for Chris to answer and censor to his heart's content. It was created on 20 November 2009.
Chris, ever the epitome of laziness, failed to answer several of the e-mails sent to him on the 20th, letting them slide until the 21st. Highlights of this mailbag include his removing an offer to make a Sonichu fan game, calling a doctor's medical knowledge an "opinion," and falling back on the old "standing to play Guitar Hero is exercise" argument.
Contents
1 Answered
1.1 This looks shopped
1.2 Sonichu's Job
1.3 Gregg Mays strikes again!
1.4 In which Chris insults someone who drew a picture for him
1.5 Hamsty is awesome
1.6 Magi-Chan's independence
1.7 On the Sonichu remake
1.8 The Guitar Hero workout
1.9 Video games
1.10 Another stupid crossover
1.11 Dodging questions
1.12 In which Chris acts superior to a doctor
1.13 Keeping lesbians straight
1.14 In-depth answers
1.15 Chris on comic books
1.16 Holidays with the Chandlers
1.17 Chris dispenses helpful advice
1.18 Sonichu comic shit no one cares about
1.19 Random ass-kissing
2 Gone Forever
2.1 419 mail scam
2.2 Fangame
Answered
This looks shopped
Over 9000 hours in MSPaint
From: Emmanuelle Bardot <emmymignon@googlemail.com>
Hi! I send this to Chris but I am not sure he saw it? It is my (bad) attempt to draw myself as Rosechu! I enclose original picture as well, so Chris can try too if he feel like it!
Love from Dijon, France!
Emmy xxx
[1][2]
Well, that is a nice picture of you, Emmanuelle. And you did a fair job on the drawn additions. Thank you. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Sonichu's Job
From: Laura Winslow <mammy2shoes@gmail.com>
Dear Chris,
My name is James and I am using my mom's e-mail to write you a fan letter. I am 9 years old. I like football, mario, candy, and sonichu and sometimes draw him in class. The other kids sometimes make fun of me and say sonichu is a ripoff and drawn by a retarded person, but I think that they are wrong. One time I drew sonichu holding hands with rosechu on my desk and had to stay after school to wipe it off. The pink smeared together with the yellow and now my papers stick to my desk! I invinted it. There is a retarded person in my class that I am friends with sometimes, he screams and yells a lot but he likes sonichu too.
I wish you could draw a thousand pages a day!!!!!!
Does sonichu have a job?
Sincerely,
James
Thank you for yours and your friends patronage. Sonichu's job is protecting and maintaing peace in Cwcville; he gets his income and housings from me/the mayor's office. He also helps other people; rescuings, saving lives, lawn mowings and other kind favors. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Gregg Mays strikes again!
From: Gregg Mays <greggmays@gmail.com>
You know what I think you be really great, you should work on a new comic series.
It should be more mature and stuff! I would really like that.
I will take that into consideration.
In which Chris insults someone who drew a picture for him
Favor them.
From: Redmond Marbury <regexis@gmail.com>
Hey man!
I just wanted to congratulate you on your comic; it's really, really good. I'm a bit worried, though. 'Cause I've sent you fan e-mails to your regular e-mail address and you've never replied, so I'm not sure if you'll end up replying to this one too.
Anyway, my question is this:
How much time do you spend on each comic page? I mean, with your now regular updates, it might be called your 'full time job', but since it's not making you any money (YET :D), some might argue that it's actually taking time away from you finding a job and whatnot, and making it less likely that you'll get a job. What do you think of this? Are you worried?
Thanks for your years of entertaining comics, Chris!
-Red
(I've attached my fan-mail that I sent your e-mail as well. I hope you like it. It took me over a hundred hours in Microsoft Paint to draw, and I added a message that I feel both you and I can agree on. :) )
Firstly, I got your image in my mailbox; while I thank you for your fanart, No Offense, but I do not appreciate Sonichu drawn looking retarded; I feel it grinds my gears a bit.
I spend an hour at the most on drawing a page; half-hour for coloring that page; sometimes longer depending on the thought process. I am not worried; I am doing well, thank you.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Hamsty is awesome
From: Hamsty the Hamster <hamstythehamster@gmail.com>
You should include a hamster in your comic. That is all.
While Chris left this letter in the mailbag, he never responded to it. He later responded to other letters from Hamsty.
Magi-Chan's independence
From: Zachery Newton <valuablemoney@hotmail.com>
Christian Weston Chandler I can not possibly ever expres my TRUE and Honost gratitude to you. Your comics have changed my life, before I found sonichu I was a filthy low life security gaurd [sic]. I smoke, I drank and worst of all I was a... Homo. But upoun finding sonichu I learned the error of my ways and now and smoke and drink free. Best of all I am STRAIGHT, yup, nothing but boobies and vaginas for me. Thank you CWC and I wish you well in your Love quest.
Also I was wondering somthing, Im a big fan of magi-chan and I was wondering if mabye sometime he could go off on his own adventures kinda like Cleveland did when he went from family guy to the Cleveland Show.
Peace,
Zachery Edwin Newton
Magi-Chan is an independent character; he does have his own adventures and such already. Thank you. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
On the Sonichu remake
From: Gabriel Monteiro <gabmonteiro9389@hotmail.com>
Hello, Mr. Chandler o/
I see that you have added my vision of the Sonichu pages in your favorites Gallery, on Deviant Art. ( http://gabmonteiro9389.deviantart.com/ ) I'd like to say this is a great honor for me, and to ask of you some criticism and comments on them, if it's no asking to much. Like, what was your favorite page, or favorite frame. It would be a honor for me to hear more form you on that matter. Thank you so much for favoriting my work. I look forward for more of the 20th episode of Sonichu on your oficial site, the CWCipedia! Best of luck for you.
Ps.: I'm also a honest, good male and looking for a girlfriend and I currently live in South America.
My pleasure. I liked 0-13 the best; it really reflects what Rosechu was thinking about before she wandered back home. Your drawing skill is great; thank you for your homage. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
The Guitar Hero workout
From: Ivan Drago <sentientmachine11@gmail.com>
Hey Chris,
I was wondering how you maintain that chiseled physique of yours. I've been trying my whole life and i don't think that I'll be able to reach the level of you have obtained. What protein shakes do you drink? Any creatine supplemts? how much can you benchpress? Any advice would be great.
Thank you advance.
Sincerely,
Ivan Drago
I do not drink protein shakes or creatine supplements. Eat less cow meat; Grilled Chicken is healthier. Vegetables and Fruit are a must; Walking or Jogging is great exercise daily. Standing helps too; play some Guitar Hero on Guitar, you have to stand while playing, and move a bit for fun and movement. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Video games
From: Jessica Lindon <jessielindon@gmail.com>
Hi Chris, I'm really happy that CWCipedia started up this fan mail bag! It's really interesting to see your replies to all your fan's questions. Anyway, I know you're a busy man so I'll get right to my question - As a serious gamer, how do you decide which games to buy? Is there specific aspects that appeal to you? I'm really curious.
Hope to see more Sonichu adventures & Youtube videos soon!
:]
I decide in a combination of high ratings, type of game be it adventure, racing, puzzle or others (Sports titles do not really thrill me). --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Another stupid crossover
From: Rob <bubbajimjones@gmail.com>
Hello Christian, long time fan here! I am so glad you are updating more frequently :D. I just wanted to know if you and Sonichu and the gang have ever met the Mario Brothers. I was wondering if you could get to the mushroom kingdom from CWCville. If so, would you use a warp-pipe, or is there maybe a monorail?
Thanks for reading,
Robert C.
I'm not sure on that idea, but I will take it under consideration. Thank you. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Dodging questions
From: Maria Angelica Peres Lopez <mariapetite1990@hotmail.com>
Hello Chris,
I've been following your adventures so far and I wanted to ask you a question that have been bugged me since I read all your story.
Once you found your sweetheart from the ground-up and have you daughter Crystal, what's going to happen next in your life? Do you have a "Plan B" if by casuality or accident this never happens?
Keep working hard on the comic, it's good to see a daily update.
Kisses, Maria
I will cross those bridges and make those decisions when I come to them appropriately. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
In which Chris acts superior to a doctor
From: Michael Parker <mp53718@gmail.com>
Hello,
My name is Dr. Michael Parker. I am a pediatrician oncologist, so I work with a lot of children with cancer. The children love to read your comics (after I screen them for "Honest Content" first, of course). I really wish you would update more so that the children would be able to have their days brightened that much more often.
Also, I am not sure you understand what Asperger's is. You mention that it is not similar to Autism, but this is incorrect. Asperger's is actually a form of Autism. I work with many children with both disorders, and I can assure you that they are very similar.
Sincerely,
Dr. Michael Parker
Well, I respect you having your own opinion, but I disagree still. I feel the "similarity" issue really grinds my gears, and I close my mind on the topic. Thank you for your support. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Keeping lesbians straight
From: Meg Gray <margaretwgray@live.com>
Mr. Christian C.,
I am so pleased to see you are answering the emails from the CWCipedia readers. I had two questions:
1. I am unfortunately being attracted by a young female and I too am a female. I know you have suggested watching the STRAIGHT pornography to help stay on the STRAIGHT path, but I am not allowed to have the pornography in my house. How can I stay on the Straight Path?
2. I am wondering if you are still taken! :) Is it true that you have a delightful sweet girlfriend?
Sincerely Meg Gray
18 years old
Pick up some Teen Magazines addressed to women with pictures of men in it. Look at MEN more often, in real life, on TV, in Movies, Magazines; anywhere.
No, I am still single. And to correct the misunderstanding, the IMPOSTOR married Kacey; not me.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
In-depth answers
From: Maria Morris <sweetie.maria@live.com>
Hello, Mr. Chandler! I have been reading your comics for a while now, and I'm glad that you've been making more frequent updates lately. Me and all the other fans have been waiting a long time for more pages, and we're dying to see what happens next! Can't wait for your update today.
Now, I wanted to ask a few questions, since I see you've answered a few in your fan mail section already:
1) What do you think about fan fiction? I know that you show the good fan art that is sent to you on Cwcipedia, but have you ever read and liked anything written about Sonichu? I'm thinking of making a Sonichu fic myself, but I want to have your permission to write it before starting.
2) What is your opinion on people supporting relationships that aren't "canon", like Blake x Rosechu instead of Sonichu x Rosechu or Blake x Bubbles?
3) Do you listen to any music while you draw the comics? I find that music is a big inspiration for me, personally.
4) Have you ever met any foreign fans? If Sonichu were to be commercially released, what international markets would you want it to be available in?
That's all the questions I have for you for now. I hope that you have a pleasant evening!
xoxo,
Maria
1) Fanfics are okay; you may as long as you reference that I am the original creator at the beginning of the story. 2)No opinion, and it's okay for those people to have their own perceptions or ideas. 3)Yes. 4)Yes; everywhere.
You stay safe too.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Chris on comic books
From: Charlie Pressley <cdiddles@gmail.com>
Hi, I've been reading your comic for a while, and I've been really excited by the prospect of an update being given every day. A steady schedule makes reading it more rewarding, and I assume may increase readership of your series.
My question, as a big fan of comics in general, is how do you feel about comics as a medium? I know it's been your primary outlet for your Sonichu narrative, but I'm curious as to how much comics mean to you. Do you read a lot of comics? If so, what are your favorites? Which have influenced your work on Sonichu the most?
Thanks for the hard work,
-CDiddles
I feel it is good, because it still allows the artist to create to their own well-drawn style and visions. I have read a lot of comics. I like Sonic the Hedgehog Comics, and I also like the DC and Marvel superheroes. Sonic and Pok'emon I'd say, but there are a LOT of influences aside from those as well. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:51, 21 November 2009 (CET)
Holidays with the Chandlers
From: faerieangellilly@aol.com>
HAY CHRIS!!
A few questions; if I may:
- Since the holidays are around the corner, how does the Chandler household celebrate Thanksgiving and Christmas? Whats on your Christmas wish-list?
- Whats the scariest videogame you ever played?
We celebrate like normal; a decorated tree, get-together, remembering Jesus and all. A PSP Go. Fatal Frame. --ChrisChanSonichu 00:28, 22 November 2009 (CET)
Chris dispenses helpful advice
From: nosrebma@aol.com>
Hi, I'm Amber Son, and I'd like to ask couple of things about you and Sonichu! I'm exited that I can finally talk to you, original Christian Weston Chandler himself!
What kind of mind can create something like that? I've always wondered that! Does it take a special mind to create something like Sonichu? He really is something unique, and so are you!
Can you tell me, how do you make your drawings? Do you have any special tricks to it? What do you think makes a good drawing?
Also I've seen your videos, and you seem to be really strong and healthy person! What kind of tips would you give about health and exerice? Do you have somekind of special diet?
Thank you already! You seem to be busy man with lot to do, so I hope you can have time to answer my questions :)
- Amber Son
Thank you; it takes only a creative mind, and a lot of people have that. Nothing special, but I have taken a lot of art classes in my lifetime. Heart and soul make great art. Walking or jogging daily is always good; go for grilled chicken as the meat, and plenty of vegetables. --ChrisChanSonichu 00:28, 22 November 2009 (CET)
Sonichu comic shit no one cares about
From: Cad Earnest <goldorthegold@yahoo.co.uk>>
Hey Chris I enjoy reading your comic and am a fan of your work. I would like to ask about two things about the comic.
First of all I noticed you explained that when the Pikachu and Super Sonic crashed into each other the rainbow sent Sonichu and the eggs into the past dependant on how old they are. however DJ jamsta is the oldest sonichu who is at least 21 years and Lolisa is the oldest Rosechu at least 20 years old, so they must have been sent back further in time than febuary 1989.
When Rosechu named herself when Kel said she was as "beautiful as a rose" to quote the comic.At that point in time Lolisa would have been around for 2 years already she could'nt have not named what she was in that time?
In short how come the oldest Sonichu(Jamsta) and the oldest Rosechu(Lolisa) were not the ones to name the species of pokemon that they are?
My second question is shorter. Giovanni was in the early comics and the newest one, trying to stop Sonichu. As we know Giovanni specialises in ground pokemon.
Why didn't Giovanni use any ground types against Sonichu especially considering his Nidoking and Nidoqueen are both resistant to Sonichu's fighting type attacks as well as immune to electric?
Yes, that is correct. Jamsta and Lolisa hatched somewhere private, and their species was not classified with the Professors until about 1990. He did not have his Pok'eBalls with him at those times; they were kept in his Gym at all times. --ChrisChanSonichu 00:33, 22 November 2009 (CET)
Random ass-kissing
From: jakk <jakkbear@gmail.com>
HELLO MR CHANDLER!!!!!!
i have ENJOYED your comix over the years and as we say
GOOD JOB!!
i am a tru fan! please update a lot!!!!
- sincerly, jakk
Thank you, may you have a blessed and safe day. --ChrisChanSonichu 00:33, 22 November 2009 (CET)
Gone Forever
419 mail scam
From: tiffany william <ak12@cecenet.org>
Dear Beloved In Christ,
With Due Respect and Humanity, I was compelled to write to you under a humanitarian ground.
My name is Mrs. Tiffany William. I was born in Baltimore , Maryland , I am married to Mr. David William director J.C Industries Cote d'Ivoire.We were married for 36 years without a child. He died after a Cadiac Arteries Operation.
And Recently, My Doctor told me that I would not last for the next six months due to my cancer problem (cancer of the lever and stroke).
Before my husband died last year there is this sum $2.8 Million Dollars that he deposited in a bank here In Ivory Coast. Presently this money is still in the bank.
Having known my condition I decided to donate this fund to any good God fearing brother or sister that will utilize this fund the way I am going to instruct herein. I want somebody that will use this fund according to the desire of my late. Husband to help less privileged people, orphanages, widows and propagating the word of God.
I took this decision because I don’t have any child that will inherit this fund, And I don’t want in away where this money will be used in an ungodly way. This is why I am taking this decision to hand you over this Fund.
I am not afraid of death hence I know where I am going. I want you to always remember me in your daily prayers because of my up coming Cancer Surgery.
Write back as soon as possible any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another person for this same purpose, hoping to read from you ASAP.
God bless you as you listing to the voice of reasoning,
Mrs. Tiffany William.
Fangame
From: Jake Matthews <sonicfan337@yahoo.com>
Hello Christopher,
I am planning on making a game based on your series "Sonichu".
This will be a fan made game and NO money will be made from it, and you will retain all copyrights for the characters.
I will be working with one other person on this project. We send you this message seeking your blessing on this project, and also wonder if you could maybe do some voice work for it. Please send any questions or comments on the project to this email address.
Sincerely,
Jake Matthews
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Mailbag 2
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Mailbag_2&oldid=279937"