Title: Mailbag 15
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Mailbag_15
Categories: Category, Politics
================================================================================

Mailbag 15 was uploaded to the CWCipedia early in the morning of 10 December 2009 and answered by Chris on the 12th.
Another diverse Mailbag, Chris is asked a wide variety of questions on a number of topics. Highlights of this mailbag include Chris "agreeing" with the social contract, explaining why he made the image that ruined his life, and giving the definitive answer on his issue with Asperger's.
Contents
1 Answered
1.1 He would much rather be excused for it
1.2 This madness has now been going on for 10 years
1.3 Everything in moderation
1.4 Chris clearly does not agree with the social contract
1.5 Copypasta
1.6 Deal with life's problems by ignoring them
1.7 I'm all for equality, but...
1.8 D.A. probably stands for dumbass
1.9 Anger is now a subtext
2 Rejected Mailbag
2.1 ShecameforCWC.jpg finally explained
3 Autism Mailbag
3.1 GALL
3.2 It's much easier to wallow in denial
3.3 In which Chris clings to his autism as though it is the only good thing left in the world
Answered
He would much rather be excused for it
From: Shelly Munroe <shellymunroe3324@gmail.com>
Dear Chris,
I wanted to write to you to tell you that this morning I sat down and wrote a letter to Nintendo of America suggesting to them, almost demanding that they reconsider developement of a Sonichu Nintendo game title. After I sent the letter, I felt very good about myself. You see, I enjoy working with and helping out retards and the mentally chanllenged.. I volunteer locally with extremely mentally handicapped persons and even volunteer with the special olympics, which brings me to my question. Have you ever considered applying to be in the special olympics? It is a special event just for retarded persons like yourself. If you would be interested in applying for the Special Olympics, I would be delighted to help you. Thank you for reading my letter.
Love
Shelly
I humbly thank you your support in the letter, and I appreciate the offer for the SpOlympics. But I feel that I would not like to be judged based on my autism. Happy Holidays. --ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
This madness has now been going on for 10 years
From: Alexia Andrews <sexie.lexie14@yahoo.com>
Heyy Chris and Co.!
My name's Lexie, just wanted to say I'm a big fan of your Comics and have been reading for years, my little Sister showed me some of your Webcomics back on your old site and have been following your struggle ever since!! Congrats on the copyright!! Those Dang dirty Trolls have nothing on You now!!!!
Anyways, just a quick Question or two regarding you putting out your comics. I noticed you've started putting out a page a day, this kinda Bums me out cause I have to reread so many pages especially in the Acton Sequences so I can get everything going on. But on Top of this, I'm beginning to wonder if you will miss the 10th aniversary of Sonichu if you keep putting out pages at this rate. DOes this concern you?
Also, as far as you writing your True and Honest stories into the comics, it seems you're falling way behind, the preview for the next issue's Storyline is almost anchuent considering the Hardships you've overcome since. Does it bother you that your rate for putting out comics is turning out to be around one a year? It definately [sic] doesn't Satisfy me as a True and Honest, Loyal Fan of yours. Thanks Chris!!!! God bless!!
Stay safe hunny,
Lexie
I am fairly concerned on the 10th Anniversary, but OFFICIALLY, that will NOT be until March 17, 2010, so I feel that I will be able to make the date on Anniversary Special Content. Real Life hardships did delay, but I won't let that bother me anymore, as I am working on taking the real-life-based characters out of the story in this 10th book.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
As it turns out, real-life hardships did bother Chris on the 10th anniversary, preventing any "Anniversary Special Content" from occurring.
Everything in moderation
From: Ethan Poe <morrisseyfan89@gmail.com>
Mr Chandler,
I was wondering as a fellow political moderate what are some of your disagreements with the Democratic and Republican parties? Do you have any thoughts on Obama's Afghan troop surge?
Your's Truly,
John Singleton
I am a Moderate, so I can go either way in the party, although I disagree with more of the Republican's views than the Democrats. As for the troop surge, I don't really care much for war, especially if it's over some petty disagreement, but regardless of the surge's success or failure, I feel at least half of the sent troops should not be pulled back to stand their ground.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
Chris clearly does not agree with the social contract
From: poesk@aol.com
Hello Chris,
I was wondering granted the nuanced take on love seen in the Sonichu comics if you have any thoughts on philosophy in general. I am a philosophy major so I am curious if there are any particular philosophers that you enjoy. Also do you have any thoughts on the social contract.
An Adoring Fan,
Ethan
I have had a number of philosophical theories and ideals before, such as the recent reply to a letter with my theory of BOTH Evolution and the Garden of Eve co-existed, and were all from God's hand. I don't have a particular philosopher, but I have learned of some of them from my education. And as long as the Government keeps their promises and maintains Social Order and Peace, I agree with the Social Contract.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
Copypasta
From: Alfred Jarry <ajarry42@yahoo.com>
Please, I need you're help please. I am currently bullied in middle school by a group of big kids. I have no idea what todo, I can't get help from others because I have no friends and the teacher's all hate me. What would Sonichu do in this situtuation? What would you, Christain Chandler do? I know you have had dirty trols following on the internet so could you give me tips on how I handle these bad kids >:(
As I have told another person with the similar Bully problem,
My best advice is to ignore their plights upon you and count your blessings. Also, if you are objecting to their beatings and whatnot, I would advise you try Being Nice to them; when they threaten you, you Smile and tell them "Stay safe and have a good day." And when they beat you up, you Smile and tell them, "Thank you for the massage, I feel much better now." And depending on what they throw at you, Smile and say "Thank you, I (was hungry/thirsty) (wanted this (item) for a while) (think this will look great in my collection). The point is to make their bullying look more like a pleasantry to you, because that is the response bullies are NOT looking for. In any case, eventually the bullies will tire from it and give up; this will speed that up a bit.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
Deal with life's problems by ignoring them
From: Envy <voidstrato@gmail.com>
Buenas dias, Chris!
My question is a simple one: What makes you happy?
I've been feeling blue lately and nothing seems to be working to get me back on my feet. I feel like I just want to crash and sleep forever. Do you have any advice?
Best regards,
Clause N.V.
I enjoy a number of things, like Video Games, Television Shows, Movies, Physical Activity, Music and others. While I am not necessarily happy sometimes, I do these things to distract me from life's problems. So, I suggest watching a Lot of Comedy Shows and Movies; They Smile with you.
--ChrisChanSonichu 05:26, 12 December 2009 (CET)
I'm all for equality, but...
From: Joseph Barale <amenta101@yahoo.com>
Dear Chris,
I am a growing aspiring cartoonist and currently single male (and very much proud of it).
I have been aware of you and your Sonichu creation for a while now. I even read all your Sonichu comics from scratch. I am pleased to see that you have a mailblog for your Sonichu following and I applaud you to that and wish you the best. However, you should also be more aware of your actions, but also your facts.
You say that Autism in no way have any similarities to Aspergers where, in reality, they do share a lot of similarities with the symptoms. Saying that they do not share similarities without even achknowledging it is like stating that Pandorum is a real space hallucination disease (reference from the movie Pandorum).
Also, I am quite appaled by your views of homosexuality and Gay Rights. I am not a gay man myself, but I support homosexuality and Gay Rights as much as I support Women Rights. It's not only a lifestyle, but a choice as well. Sometimes people like to follow or pursue on what feels right for them, even from childhood. That's how life works and that's the fun and beauty of it.
But other than that, I wish you the best of luck with Sonichu and creativity in the future and I hope you have a safe and pleasant day.
Peace.
Joseph Barale
The strikethrough was added by Chris. He removed it on 15 December 2009. We have retained it in our copy for the sake of completeness.
Thank you for your praises in the first paragraph. I stand with my opinions for the second paragraph. I support Equal Rights too, but I still do not care for their way of life; the sooner they make that vaccine, the better the chances for all those people going to Heaven.
D.A. probably stands for dumbass
From: Leon Klugman <dummyacx@gmail.com>
Hello,
My name is Leon Klugman. My girlfriend just told me that you were stalking her at the local Target, asking if she had a boyfriend and if she was interested in your electric rodent webcomic. If you ever go near her again I will call the police and have you arrested. Have a nice day.
Leon Klugman
You are obviously a troll trying to pick on my nerves; nice try, D.A.
Anger is now a subtext
From: Daniel Haverford <dhaverford@gmail.com>
My little brother is a big fan of yours. He's read every issue of Sonichu, even the "classic strips". He also has Asperger's Syndrome. As someone who has managed to succeed despite being afflicted with Asperger's, I was hoping that you could give him some advice. His name is Eric, by the way. Thanks!
Best regards,
Daniel Haverford
P.S. In the last issue, Sonichu was on fire while screaming about gay people. Gays are often referred to as "flaming". Is there some sort of subtext to this or was that unintentional?
My advice is to Mainstream the child. The ONLY subtext in the flame is ANGER; nothing else.
Rejected Mailbag
ShecameforCWC.jpg finally explained
From: Shane Smith <donfelder1887@gmail.com>
About Megan.
Why did you even draw that picture of you fingerbanging her? You knew that was wrong, yet your desire for sexual promiscuity makes you do this.
I would be surprised if you got this letter.
It was Wishful Thinking.
Autism Mailbag
Chris briefly placed these replies in the rejected mailbag before moving them to the autism mailbag.
GALL
From: Apple Pie <effence@yahoo.ca>
Hello, Mr. Chandler
I am concerned about the image you portray of autistic people, mainly due to your bigotry and childish ideas about adult relationships. You should take more effort to help yourself, because there is a man in my town who is basically the same as you. We call him the Pervert Park Pervert, because he wanders around the park politely trying to buy a prostitute. He is high functionally autistic, and does not know how to go about meeting people and has been arrested. Being autistic myself, I know you will not try to change unless you have some sort of epiphany. I do not think this will ever happen, because you are very low functioning and do not listen to reason. I highly recommend you seek psychiatric councelling.
Incidentally, here is a robot that uses a similar art style to yours:
http://www.kurzweilcyberart.com/
By simliar I mean that it focuses on line and space more than shape and quality. In the art community, your style is refered [sic] to as naive.
--Apple
I have read your message, and I do not care for your remarks upon me, comparison to some low-life pervert, and even the GALL of referring me as low-functioning.
It's much easier to wallow in denial
From: Gary Feldman <harblcoques@gmail.com>
No one is asking you to care about Asperger's, but they do want to to acknowledge what is an actual proven fact. Asperger's is an Autism spectrum disorder. There is no disputing it.
Is it really that difficult to accept?
Yes.
In which Chris clings to his autism as though it is the only good thing left in the world
From: Norio Wakamoto <smoothboy06@hotmail.com>
Dear Mr. Chandler,
I think it would be in your best interest if you had your autism rediagnosed. Over the past 20-something years there have been a lot of advancements in the field of mental health, and you might find that your autism could be better classified as asperger's syndrome. They are very close, afterall.
That is just plain dumb.
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Mailbag 15
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Mailbag_15&oldid=253760"