Title: Mailbag 11
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Mailbag_11
Categories: 
================================================================================

After answering Mailbag 10, Chris sent a message to his sysop requesting that future mailbags be better screened for letters that could cause stress. It would appear this request was ignored, as Mailbag 11 had no shortage of difficult questions.
Unlike the last few mailbags, only a few of the questions were about homosexuality and Aspergers. Several people wrote in to ask about the disturbing deaths of Ivy and BILLY MAYS. Other highlights included a suggestion that Chris start freezing all his navy, and a Sunday school teacher's very literal take on Leviticus.
Contents
1 Answered
1.1 Marriage counseling
1.2 15 years cute!
1.3 Elevators are important for the handicapped, so they don't want any phobias
1.4 Another one blows some steam
1.5 In which Chris is a fucking monster
1.6 Just plain stupid
1.7 Science gets done and you'll make a neat gun
1.8 The difference between rubbery pirates and laconic manchildren
1.9 The obscure clauses of the Mosaic Law
1.10 In which Chris assumes none of us owns dictionaries
1.11 The near-obligatory autism question
2 Rejected Mailbag
2.1 Are there any naval bases in Alaska?
3 References
Answered
Marriage counseling
From: Chris Hutchinson <menchib@gmail.com>
Hi Chris! I have another question for you!
Nearly all of your electric hedgehog pokémon have girlfriends. Has anyone ever broken up in cwcville? Or do they remain true and honest sweethearts forever?
Well, that is a very interesting question. It is common for couples to their disuptes and disagreements. But in Cwcville, we offer ALL couples our small group of Relationship/Marriage Counsolers. We encourage all legitimate couples to stay with each other, because truly, there is no one who could fill the void of one or the other (respectively) as best as the current partner for either one.
On the other hand, should it go as far as wanting to get divorced or separated, we encourage the Trial Seperation, yet discourage sexual relations during the Trial. Most of the time, the couples stay together with fonder appreciation for each other. Yet, if the couple mutually still feels the need for divorce, we would honor it. Like in Cwcville, the Trial Seperation should be Legally Manditory for all cities, states and countries around the world, because each troubled couple Should at least Try to find appreciation for each other before making it Final.
--ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
15 years cute!
From: Paul Bernardo <pkbernardo12@gmail.com>
Dear Chris,
Judging by your response to Levi Johnston, you seem to know a lot much about women, so I thought I would ask for your advice.
I am 26 years old and I have a beautiful fiancee, but I can't stop thinking about my fiancee's 15-year-old sister. I don't know how to bring it up to my fiancee that I want to have sex with her sister...do you have any advice on how to break it to her? I love my fiancee very much, but her sister turns me on so much that it's hard for me to function sometimes. My sexual frustration over being denied underage china is building up, and I fear I might become an abusive maniac over this. Any advice or help would be appreciated.
Your fan,
Paul Bernardo
Firstly, like most people would agree, adult relations with a Minor is Illegal, and it is Greatly Discouraged. I highly recommend you avert your sights Away from the younger sister, yet that may be difficult, but with willpower, you can find it to be very easy. Plus, if it helps, I suggest you reprogram your mind a bit; say over and over to yourself that every time you see the young one, or even picture her in your mind, Imagine Replacing Her head with the head of her Father. That should work well.
--ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Elevators are important for the handicapped, so they don't want any phobias
From: Sarah Lutt <FlamBai@hotmail.com>
Dear Chris,
I love the comic, but I need a guy's opinion on something.
I am a boyfriend free girl, but I think that guys don't like, and won't approach me just because I'm in a wheelchair :( So, my question is this; Do you like people in wheelchairs/ disabled people in general? If not, why? Also, in one of your recent comics, did you have to portray Ivy and Mr. Mays' deaths like that? I am a big fan of your comic but I feel that letting children read about the graphic demise of a beloved pitchman may scare them; even I was deeply upset by that page, and I never cry, but that page may be insensitive to Billy Mays fans everywhere.
Please reply soon!
Sincerely,
Sarah
Firstly, Billy did not die in the rescue; ONLY Ivy died there; I should have been more clear on that.
I am cool with physically disabled people, as well as the mentally handicapped up to a certain point. That point being able to understand their speech. I mean no personal offense, and I understand that those individuals can not help their problems, but those with a great amount of facial deformities, who can never say any comprehendable words other than "Uh", "Argh", etc., even as far as to look zombie-like, just plain creep me out.
I apologize for the misunderstanding with Billy, and I plan on making it more clear in the pages of the 10th book.
--ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Another one blows some steam
From: christina87@mail.com
You still haven't answered any of my previous messages. Why is that? I hate to play the "white knight" card, but you've left me no choice.
First off, your views on sexuality are ridiculous. You can't change someone's sexual orientation.It is not genetic either. It is basically an aspect of your personality. You really need to understand that. I doubt you'll read this, and probably just block my e-mail address from this account, but I really feel like I need to get to across to you. Your CHURCH is accepting of other people's lifestyles. So why do you go there if you hate "da homos" so much? You bigotries not justified, and are probably mindlessly taught to you by your parents. Start thinking for yourself, seriously. I'm not trying to insult or belittle you. Please just listen to people who are trying to help you for once. I'm sure you're a good person deep down, but you need to show people you are. It is completely normal to be of a different orientation, and you can't "get" gay from anyone else. I really would like to see you improve yourself.
Chris added an email reply template to the bottom of this letter, but has yet to actually type a response. It's possible he forgot about it.
In which Chris is a fucking monster
From: James Reed <jimfnreed@gmail.com>
My name is Jim F.N. Reed, and I am a 64 year old veteran from Ohio. I spend my days working as a history teacher and golf coach, and then going home and reading your comics to my grandson, Billy. As an autistic, Billy readily relates to you and your comics, and it gives me something to do besides polishing my golf clubs and rings.
However, I didn't write this here letter just to ramble about myself. I was reading your comic to Billy last night, and reached page 92 of issue nine, wherein you graphically describe the death of a woman named "Ivy". Are you out of your dang mind, Mr. Chandler? I thought this was a children's comic, and you've got a quarter of that page devoted entirely to a graphic description of some poor woman dying a grisly death in an elevator. When I read that to Billy he was so shaken up he couldn't sleep all night, and then this morning when I was taking him to school, he refused to take our apartment building's elevator. The poor boy dozed off on the way down and ended up falling down fifteen flights of stairs. He's still alive, but now he's brain damaged and physically deformed, and all he does is sit around and say "Uhhhhh..."
What the hell do you have to say for yourself, Mr. Chandler?
-Jim F.N. Reed, Ohio
I apologize for what happened to your grandson. Ivy was a Real Person; my Girlfriend, and she died in Hanging Suicide a few months ago. It was a mistake putting real people into my comics. Because of her death, I had to remove her from the story. She was my Girlfriend; How Do You Think I Feel? --ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Just plain stupid
From: Daniel Plainview <how_can_you_be_sure@hotmail.com>
Dear Christian Christopher Ricardo Weston Chandler,
I have been following your Sweetheart Search for some time, so I am curious to ask you; what would you do if you finally got laid and found out that sexual intercourse isn't nearly as gratifying as you have hyped it up to be for yourself? What if after more than a decade of wondering, hoping, and waiting, you finally meet a nice girl, get to date number three, and are left feeling cold and soulless afterward?
I only ask this because most men get to sate their hormonal urges within a 5 year window after becoming sexually curious (fyi: When I lost my virginity at 16, it was pretty friggin' rad... and actually it's still really rad!), but you've had probably well over a decade to wonder what it would be like... so I can't help but be curious as to whether or not this extended period of time would make having your first sexual encounter to you like watching Star Wars: Episode I was for many of us; not worth the wait.
My intentions are not to put you down, I just can't help but wonder if you hadn't ought to reign in your expectations. If you end up not enjoying intercourse with a female, I fear you may turn into one of those dirty homos.... and I couldn't bear that.
Your friend for life,
Daniel Plainview
That is Just Plain Stupid, but thank you for your input anyway. --ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Science gets done and you'll make a neat gun
From: Herp Aderp <4shbringer@gmail.com>
Hi Chris,
I'm a big fan of your work. I've read all the comics, and enjoy them all, especially the sub-episodes. The daily updates are like getting a present every day! Thank you, and keep it coming!
I have 2 questions:
1) Why don't you make more Captain's Log entries? I enjoy hearing about whats going on in your life, even if its a quick update, and would like to hear from you more often, as I'm sure your entire fanbase does!
2) Have you considered doing a more scientific "comic"? I thought your "Examining Sonichu and Rosechu" segment was brilliant, and very close to a college-level text book. Maybe doing a similar one on the (physical and mental) human reproductive system would be insightful? If you could make it into a text book (or even a chapter in one), it could be very lucrative since college text books are EXPENSIVE!!!!!!!
One more thing, I know you're a big Brittney Spears fan (as am I!), and I'm wondering what you think of Lady Gaga? I think she's the best thing since Brittney, and I was wondering if you've heard her music/seen her yet.
THANKS!
Herpnatious G Aderp
A bunch of times, I don't have a thought that I feel is worthy as a Log, but I type them in as often as I have them. I will take the scientific book under consideration. "Can't read my, can't read my, no he can't read my POKER FACE." She's okay. --ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
The difference between rubbery pirates and laconic manchildren
From: Joseph Joestar <josephjojojoestar@gmail.com>
Hey Chris, how's it going? I like the new mailbag thing. It reminds me of the SBS sections from the manga One Piece, where the author answers questions from his fans. Do you read One Piece? Is this where you got the idea for doing a mailbag?
Also, while I like the mailbag (as I've said above), I'm sometimes a little disappointed with your answers. They tend to be kind of short and simple. An example I would give is when someone asked you what you thought of gun control. Your answer was, in its entirety: "I agree with gun control".[1]
That's not enough! I want to know WHY you agree with gun control, and your opinions on the issue, not just a "yes or "no". This was just an example. Please give longer and more detailed answers to your mail. Myself and the rest of your fans would greatly appreciate it.
Thanks for reading,
-Joseph "JOJO" Joestar
I see, well at some times, my mind goes blank, so I have to run to the short answer(s).
--ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
The obscure clauses of the Mosaic Law
From: Mary Sullivan <merryhappyjoy@yahoo.com>
Dear Mr. Chandler,
My name is Mary Sullivan. I am a Sunday school teacher. A parent recently came to me and told me her son was reading your Sonichu comic, and asked me to look into it in order to see if it were a wholesome Christian comic. After digging into it by searching your name online and seeing some of the videos you posted, I will have to say that I am shocked by what I found.
In particular, in one video, you quote Leviticus. However, in a later video, you show yourself shaving. You should know that Leviticus tells us that it is unchristian to shave. Please read Leviticus 19:27: "You shall not round the edge of your head, nor shall you destroy the edge of your beard."[2] In another video, you are unshaven, but are sporting tattoos. I have learned later that these tattoos were indeed fake,[3] but you're still promoting an unchristian message by wearing them, as Leviticus 19:28 reads, "And you shall not make a cutting for the dead in your flesh, nor shall you make a written tattoo upon you; I am YHWH."[4]
These are the words of God. I would suggest you pray on this, and speak to your church counselors about Leviticus, especially on homosexuality (including lesbians), shaving, and tattoos. Until you can make amends, I can only tell parents that Sonichu is not a Christian comic, and warn them from letting their children read it.
God bless.
For your information, those tattos were FAKE Tattoo Sleeves that I wore for a short while. And then I respond to the rest of the message, The Bible is a Guideline to Life; You don't have to necessarily follow it to the letter, As Long As You Are Happy In Your Life and Living It Well. --ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
In which Chris assumes none of us owns dictionaries
From: alan greenstein <alanboggogreenstein@gmail.com>
Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening Mr. Chandler
I read your comics all the time but I was just wondering if you could please explain to me and to your fans what a parody is and how Sonichu is a Parody of Sonic the Hedgehog
Thank you Very Much and Good Luck with your future
Sincerely,
Alan Greenstein
"Parody", a Noun, A literary or artistic work that imitates the characteristic style of an author or a work for comic effect.
The near-obligatory autism question
From: Jesse Barmby <barmby.barmby@uleth.ca>
Hi Christian, I wrote to you not to long ago asking about what I can do to
have an autistic child. You suggested I read about autism on Wikipedia,
because, in your own words, "raising a child with Autism is A LOT OF HARD
WORK". Boy, you were you right!
After doing some research, I found out that autistic kids such as yourself
are mentally retarded, ugly, fat, naive, can't draw, and will usually be
virgins forever. I also read that autistic children have poor muscle
tone, which explains why you are so weak and have no strength at all.
I hope you're not offended by these comments, this is simply what I found
in my research, which you suggested that I do. You likely disagree with a
lot of these comments, but that's simply because you're too stupid to
understand. It also says that Aspergers is a type of autism, but you are
so severly mentally handicapped and fat that you don't seem to be able to
comprehend this.
To follow up, because autistic people have so many problems, do you think
that they should be euthanised? If you don't know what euthanasia is
because you are mentally retarded, you can look it up on wikipedia.
Anyways, thanks for the previous response! GO OUT AND ZAP TO THE EXTREME!
In response to your question, WHAT ARE YOU, A CRAZY MANIAC?! HELL NO! I disprove of euthanasia on the basis of mental retardation. --ChrisChanSonichu 06:57, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Rejected Mailbag
Are there any naval bases in Alaska?
From: Frank Capone <frnkcapone520@gmail.com>
Hello Chris-
I have been reading Sonichu for a while now and have recently seen some of your Youtube videos. In one video, you explain that you drink your own "navy" or semen after you masturbate to recycle it. I assume you mean you want to put the sperm that left your body back into your testicles.
I do not know who told you this was how the human body worked, but this is NOT true. Your digestive system is not at all connected to your reproductive system. When you ingest your semen, it will go straight to your stomach, where the acid in there will KILL all the sperm. Sperm are very fragile and cannot survive for long outside of the protection of your testicles. In fact, the moment sperm exits your body, they are destined to die unless you FREEZE THEM. The heat and power of your stomach acid would definitely kill them.
If you are truly interested in saving all of your seed for future child bearing, I suggest you put all semen you produce through masturbation into your refrigerator or, even better, your freezer. That way you can later have a doctor put the frozen sperm into your wife.
Hopefully this has helped you in your quest for your future-daughter Crystal. I sincerely hope you have not already killed the seed that would create her by drinking it.
Firstly, I thought of the idea myself without external influence. Second, I have stopped doing that over a year ago. And the freezing idea has come to mind before, and I will consider it further.
I apologize for putting your message into the reject, but I felt it was not appropriate or cannon to and with the more appropriate letters. Thank you for your input.
--ChrisChanSonichu 04:34, 9 December 2009 (CET)
Chris followed the advice years later
to disturbing results.
References
↑ Mailbag 4
↑ [1]
↑ Rollin' and Trollin'
↑ [2]
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Mailbag 11
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Mailbag_11&oldid=338068"