Title: Man in the Pickle Suit
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Pickle_Man
Categories: Pages with fan videos, Articles of the Now, Trolls
================================================================================

This article is too large or off-topic. It has been suggested that we smash its Heart level down to 15% and split off the pieces into their own article. Discuss on the talk page.
“
The Pickle Man tricked me again.
”
Christian Weston Chandler[1]
The Man in the Pickle Suit
Information
Name
The Man in the Pickle Suit
Also known as
MarvinHoward WinslowThe Pickle ManThe Picklemanhwinslow3CanineHarold[2]
Gender
Male
Race
WhiteBlackJew
Nationality
American
Occupation
TrollCurrent owner of the CWCki
Saga
Blanca
The Man in the Pickle Suit, also called The Pickle Man/Pickleman or The Black Man in the Pickle Suit[3][4]) was a common scapegoat of Chris's whom he used to blame whenever he was tricked or conned.
The character was first created on 11 September 2008 by Lordsillynipples, a troll posing as Blanca.[5] Using a fake MySpace page, they claimed that Blanca was in fact a black transvestite in a pickle costume. This led to Chris believing that the pictured Man in the Pickle Suit was in fact a real person. Because the persona was entirely fictional, the character quickly became anonymized by trolls, with multiple people operating under the name at once.
Eventually, the troll Marvin decided to become the Pickle Man. He did this in a now legendary moment, when he walked up to Chris while wearing a pickle costume, and stole his girl. From then on, Marvin continued to troll Chris, by manipulating him behind-the-scenes to do funny things on camera.
After Bob's death, Marvin stopped trolling, instead posting on Kiwi Farms and even becoming the owner of the CWCki. He eventually began trying to help Chris, such as getting him to go to the doctor after his self-inflicted taint wound, possibly preventing him from actually dying. After the Idea Guys's manipulation, he became a part of the Guard Dogs, a group that protected Chris from harmful individuals, though this group eventually fell apart.
Even though Chris turns basically everyone that annoys him into a villain in his comic, the Man in the Pickle Suit has surprisingly been spared. The closest he got to featuring as an enemy was when "Cly" fought Chris using a "pickle gun".[6]
Contents
1 Blanca Saga
2 Emily Saga
2.1 YouTube Channel
3 Future mentions by Chris
4 Behind-The-Scenes Manipulation
5 Post-Pickle
5.1 Guard Dogs
6 Gallery
7 References
8 External links
Blanca Saga
See also: Lordsillynipples
The original MySpace page.[7]
Midway through August 2008, a troll on Encyclopedia Dramatica by the name of Lordsillynipples created a profile posing Blanca under the name "kawaiikitsune123".[7] The troll successfully tricked Chris into believing he was speaking to the "real" Blanca, and solicited nudes of him wearing his mother's bra and underwear. On 11 September 2008, the troll revealed himself, leaking Chris' nudes onto Encyclopedia Dramatica and taunting Chris by stating they were a black pickle-suited transvestite.
Chris first mentioned him in Chris Chan Update 9 October 2008, after Lordsillynipples posed as Tiffany Robinson to get him to mail her a copy of his Yep, I'm on TV :) DVD.
“
The, uh, Man in the Pickle Suit tricked me once again, by pretending to be a trusted gal-pal of mine.
”
At this point, nobody had an idea of who the 'Man in the Pickle Suit' was, so this mention was very confusing. In the Christian Weston Chandler Interview, the interviewers ask who the Man in the Pickle Suit is, prompting him to respond with.
“
I don’t know who that guy is and I don’t think I really would care to know. [...] Yeah, I don’t know who that person is.
”
Perhaps the most iconic mention of the Man in the Pickle Suit is in Chris Chan Update 21 October 2008, where Chris, lying on a couch, depressed after Blanca Weiss broke up with him, blames the Pickle Man by stating:
“
The Pickle Man tricked me again...
”
Emily Saga
From left to right, The Man in the Pickle Suit, Emily and Chris
While many operated under the moniker, such as Lordsillynipples, by far the most notorious individual was Marvin, also known as the Jew in the Pickle Suit.
On 15 March 2009, Robert Simmons V visited Chris's church. After attending the service for an hour and a half, Simmons left and began telling Marvin what he, Chris and Bob talked about, and eventually Marvin revealed his plan to troll Chris.
“
I think he'll recognize me when I steal his girl, when I steal his date.
”
“
And one of these days while he's there I wanna just go out and like hand out like pamphlets saying about...how like all of the health benefits of masturbation, right? [...] And I'll be in my pickle suit, walking around like, I'm looking like a complete jackass. Who are they gonna pay attention to? You know, the guy who's telling me to go to hell or the guy who's telling how how good it is to touch your ding dong?
”
On 19 March 2009, Chris brought Bob to a date with Emily, his newest love interest. In a now legendary moment, Marvin, wearing a pickle costume, appeared and asked to watch the movie Watchmen with Emily. Emily accepted, with Chris confusedly asking why he was wearing a pickle costume. Humorously, a random woman approached and asked the Pickle Man about his costume. When she left, Chris began to rage at the Pickle Man, calling him out as a troll. Eventually, Emily and the Pickle Man left together, leading to Chris loudly yelling in the middle of the mall, "HE KNOWS CLYDE CASH!"
After this event, Chris uploaded an edit of CWC Update 18 March 2009 More Updated, threatening to call the police on the Pickle Man.
“
I would like to make it obvious that, uh, due to a recent event that has, uh, gone awry by an individual. He has been reported to the police, as well as, uh, the owner of the store that, which he has emerged from. And so, you will be picked up by a police if, uh, you try to do anything else that's funny.
”
After this event, Emily called Chris, explaining that he was too touchy with her. She informed him that the Man in the Pickle Suit was a "perfect gentleman," and she went on a date with him, ending with the two of them having sex. She ended the call by saying that every woman Chris mistreats will be stolen by the Pickle Man, and that's why he needs to treat them right.
YouTube Channel
In October 2009, the Jew in the Pickle Suit established a YouTube account[8] that suggested he had come out of retirement one last time to deal a final, crushing blow upon the manchild. Despite his promise that Chris would never complete his Fuck Quest, Chris ended up losing his virginity in 2012. Chris never responded to any of these videos.
A Message to Chris Chan. From an old friend.
Click to load content
Stardate
23 April 2010
Subject Matter
Comedy Comedy, Smug Smug, Rage Rage
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
I spy with my little Sunglasses....Chris's CWCipedia!!!!!
Click to load content
Stardate
27 April 2010
Subject Matter
Comedy Comedy, Smug Smug
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
A few months after these videos, LoveYouLongTime used the account to post PVCC NEW info: on Chris and Barbara spoon eachother!. The Man in the Pickle Suit also has multiple other social medias, including a still active Facebook and a now suspended Twitter account.
Future mentions by Chris
Chris quickly forgot about the Pickle Man after the Emily date, moving on to his new girlfriend Ivy, who he falls madly in love with.
The Man in the Pickle Suit makes an appearance in the music video CWC "Boyfriend". First, a picture of him on a piece of paper appears next to a picture of Blanca on a seperate piece of paper, before it quickly gets replaced with a paper image of Chris, implying that he's a better boyfriend than the Pickle Man. The same happens with Jessie Ruddy. Confusingly, he then shows the Pickle Man with Mary Lee Walsh, before he gets replaced by a picture of a random man, with Chris saying "What the hells were you thinkin' with that damn Pickle Suit?!", and a hedgehog moving across the screen and saying "HOWARD". It is unknown what this means. The line "What the hells were you thinkin' with that damn Pickle Suit?!" also appears in other variations of Chris's "Boyfriend", such as in Chris humps his PS3 and "Damian Antaria", PLEASE, Don't Leave Me - I NEED YOU!!!. He also mentions him in the description, referring to him as "Howard", supposedly his name.
“
Spiney Norman; Go after Howard and his Pickle-Suited Cult.
”
Chris mentions The Pickle Man again shortly after in I Am The TRUE, Original CCWC, a video mostly addressed to Liquid Chris.
“
And now for one final tidbit a spit of retribution against Howard the fiend, from the cult of pickle-suited fiends. Divine retribution for that day you stole Emily, you damn watchman.
”
He then cuts to an image of Mary Lee Walsh and the Pickle Man together while saying "What the hells were you thinkin' with that damn Pickle Suit?!". It is unknown what any of this means.
In Chris Drops the N-Bomb, released on 17 March 2010, Chris called Surfshack Tito a "trollin' stupid, pickle-suited nigger". He also calls him this in the Surfshack Tito E-mails. Later, in the Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails, Tito informs Chris that a Pickle Man would give him a briefcase containing $9000, which Chris actually believed. When he fails to arrive, Tito tells Chris that he has multiple picklemen at Fashion Square Mall, and tells him to show up there, where a woman with a pickle tattoo on her breast will give him the money. Chris waited for this woman to appear, but of course, this didn't happen.
In Jackie Chat 3, Chris joked that trolls could call Lars McNulty the new black man in the pickle suit.
Behind-The-Scenes Manipulation
Main articles: Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin) and Chris and manipulation
In later years, Marvin has revealed on Kiwi Farms that he had a much more major role in trolling than previously suspected, and revealed insights into previous trolling plans. It was revealed that a majority of Chris's videos and trolling sagas were carefully planned, with trolls manipulating Chris to perform humourous acts.
Chris never "took the bait" from trolls. All of the past trolling was artificially constructed by a group of people with lots of control over Chris. It's fake. Chris doesn't really sperg out over criticism on his own like you'd think based on what the cwcki portrays.[9]
The point I'm trying to make is that we knew Chris' psychology very well, so we knew what to say to him to get him riled up. But those situations were very artificial. The trolling makes people think Chris just randomly gets mad and starts yelling at people if you call Sonichu gay. Or call Sonic gay.
The youtube videos leave out all the calls and messages from e-girlfriends that built up Chris' reaction. For every trolling saga, there was a bunch of stuff happening in the background.
Without trolls, Chris is pretty different. I mean, not in his personality, of course. He's pretty much the same person regardless. But his reactions on youtube were highly inflated by troll girlfriends whispering shit to him behind the scenes. "Oh Chris, you're not just going to take that, are you? Chris, I need a man who can stand up for himself, not just a little wuss..." It takes quite a bit to whip Chris up into a frenzy. And it's hard to keep it going.[10]
Everyone wants to be the next Clyde Cash. The problem is that the public image of Clyde Cash (and other trolls) is that we made it look so easy, because the cwcki doesn't document all the backroom dealings that enabled all the fun of the past. People think that all it takes to get Chris to chimp is to message him with something antagonizing. It was never that easy, we had to manipulate Chris into getting off his lazy ass and doing something.
So for example: Chris initially wanted to ignore Liquid. We had to tell him that if he didn't publicly refute Liquid, it could be used against him to steal the Sonichu copyright. Chris is lazy and, by default, ignores most trolling.
So the end result of this is that Chris has a stream of people trying to squeal on other trolls, in the hope that they'll have Chris' ear and be able to architect the next saga.[11]
White knights were subverted. Their messages blocked, deleted before Chris could see them. If they got through, trolls would leak their conversations with Chris and accuse the helper of being the culprit. Trolls had a vise-like grip on Chris and that only loosened when they willingly gave up when Bob died.
Since then, other trolls moved in and took up the mantle.
But even if the conversation of who is or isn't a troll comes up with Chris, he's still not playing on level ground.
Someone accuses Julie of being a troll. Julie says she's not a troll. Who should Chris pick?
What if it's two people saying Julie's not a troll? Three? Four? Some of Chris' IRL friends saying she's not a troll? Almost every person in his life?
When people try to help Chris, he's not knowledgeably throwing that help away. He cannot identify help. There's a platter with 20 different options, and one of those options is help, the rest are people trying to fuck him over.
The numbers are not in Chris' favor.
Chris doesn't go to work. He doesn't go to school. He doesn't have peers to socialize with. Think about where your typical 36 year old is in life. No 36 year old is going to befriend Chris. The only people Chris talks to are internet weirdos, usually trying to fuck with him, or the occasional random good samaritan. He's only got a small group of people to socialize with, and most of that group has been filled up by trolls.
They've invaded his life IRL too, as we've seen. People will drive to his house to talk to him. At least two trolls have been inside Chris' house.[12]
Post-Pickle
After his tenure as the Man In The Pickle Suit, Marvin would remain active in the CWC commmunity, providing insights into prior trolling events, and notably becoming the owner of the CWCki. It was revealed that he, along with other trolls, had coerced Chris into recording basically every notable video, due to troll manipulation.
Marvin gained relevance again when he arranged for Chris to start dating Catherine, starting a new saga.
Heh, so, when it comes to Catherine, we actually used extensive inside information to orchestrate that. It actually affected Chris mentally way more than we thought it would, because he kept citing that 98% compatibility rating persistently when Catherine tried to break up with him. We specifically matched every answer we made with every answer he made. It's not that it would be impossible to catfish him independently, but we have aggressively penetrating intelligence on his behavior and actions.
Like trolling Chris is a science, not an art. You don't persuade Chris to fall for your shtick, you pay people who can set you up ahead of time. We got Chris to drive three states over, not because Chris is dumb and we're master manipulators, but because we had an inside source.[13]
On September 2015, Marvin leaked two images of Chris with some menstrual pads[14]. A month later, he attended one of Chris's trials for his GameStop assault, and posted about it on Kiwi Farms[15].
In February 2016, Marvin leaked the video Chris's Specimen Sample, presumably after being sent it from Sam and Ellen[16]. It was also around this time that Marvin began posting new information on Chris and Barb's relationship on Kiwi Farms[17], though it is unknown how he acquired this, whether it's through interacting with them himself or through another source.
In July 2016, Chris, believing that a vagina was growing under his skin, stabbed at his taint with a knife. After this happened, Marvin pressured Chris into going to the doctor, though it was incredibly hard to do so.
fatty won't die… this time
he's seeing a doctor
i'm tired of playing counselor to an exceptional individual who thinks he can grow a vagina
we got pissed and bitched at chris until he went to the ER
we demanded chris send us pictures of the ER docs
the ER docs sounded like fatty went there and said "lol my nuts hurt" and the doctors was like "rolled eyes just take tylenol and call me if the pain gets worse"
we bitched at chris until he got an actual human to put him in stirrups and give him an opinion[18]
These messages reveal that Marvin is still in contact with Chris, though it is unknown how, or to what extent he is.
In August 2017, Chris created a sockpuppet account named NightStar2891, which he used to white knight himself on Twitter. Marvin DMed NightStar, becoming friends with her, before accusing NightStar of actually being Chris. Eventually, in order to prove that she wasn't Chris, NightStar posted DMs of her and Chris talking, in reality Chris using the two accounts to talk to himself. Notably, using the Chris account he mentioned remembering Marvin:
“
Howard?! I remember him. He is definitely one of those Trolls! Ugh! And he attempted to turn you against Me like that? That is Just So LOW! Makes me feel like blowing my fuse! I need to take a deep breath.
”
On 13 December 2017, Marvin tweeted at Chris, informing him of the Chris Chan panel at the MAGfest convention in a month. Chris, not realizing it was the Pickle Man, was surprised at this, and eventually decided to go[19]. Marvin also went, and commentated on it on Kiwi Farms:
Heh, so, what everyone seems to be wondering: does Chris smell? No. At least, there isn't like some miasma cloud hanging around him. I was pretty close to him, but I obviously didn't stick my nose in his shirt or anything. So if he's got a smell, you definitely won't notice anything just casually hanging around him, and even if you really are determined to get a whiff, it's probably not that strong. (It helps that it's the winter, and so he's not hustling around in the heat.)
No perfume or axe this time either.[20]
Guard Dogs
See also: Guard Dogs
In 2017, Idea Guy reached out to Marvin, informing him of his trolling plans. Marvin did not like his trolling, but didn't think that it was his place to stop trolls based on if he found him funny, so he let him troll Chris.
In April 2018, The Captain discovered that the Idea Guys's trolling was far worse than it seemed, and reached the level of extortion. Captain went to Marvin with this information, who was angered at the criminal actions by the Idea Guys. He began coaching The Captain on how to use Chris's account and pretend to be Chris while talking to them, in order to stall for time. Marvin collected the Discord usernames and IPs of the Idea Guys. Eventually, Marvin built a script that ripped all the chat logs from the Discord.
From this point forward, Marvin, The Captain and Null formed a group known as the Guard Dogs, who protected Chris from harmful individuals such as the Idea Guys. Marvin was given access to Chris's email and social media.[21] He blocked weens and other malicious individuals. Chris was aware Marvin had access, commenting in The Place in December 2019 that Marvin had blocked Jacob Sockness's Twitter account.[22]
Gallery
The Abduction of Emily.
One artist's depiction of the Man in the Pickle Suit.
The Man in the Pickle Suit looking awesome.
That's no suit, Chris.
He is real. Very real.
Anti-Pickle Man warning image included by Chris in an email.
The Man in the Pickle Suit is an ancient title passed on from one troll to another. In this lost scene from the Bayeux Tapestry, Geoffrey Weston the Feeble-Minded (a possible early ancestor to Daniel Weston) is tricked by "The Man Donning the Pickled Cucumber Suit".
The weeaboo version of the Man in the Pickle Suit.
WHO IS THE CUCUMBER MAN?
MPS looking great, as usual.
He is always watching.
Response to the Sonic Boom Protests.
Woman in the Pickle Suit
References
↑ Chris Chan Update 21 October 2008
↑ Kacey Call 24
↑ Jackie Chat 3
↑ Jackie Chat 6
↑ Web Archive - Chris Chan's Encyclopedia Dramatica
↑ Sonichu Special 1
↑ 7.0 7.1 Web Archive - kawaiikitsune123
↑ [1]
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Marvin_on_how_the_Miscreants_trolled_Chris
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Marvin_on_how_the_Miscreants_trolled_Chris
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Perspective_on_Chris's_begging_and_how_he_was_trolled
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Subverted_White_Knights
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Manipulation_of_Chris_During_Catherine_Saga
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Leaking_of_Chris_Using_Menstrual_Pads
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Marvin_on_the_intimacy_between_Chris_and_Barb
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Leaking_of_Chris's_Specimen_Sample
↑ Kiwi_Farms_posts_(Marvin)#Barb_and_Chris
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/24-julay-2016-taint-megathread.22839/page-118#post-1668190
↑ December 2017 tweets#MAGfest
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/1-6-chris-at-magfest.38143/page-18#post-2933241
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#Blocking
↑ The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Marvin blocks Sockness, fated Pokemon card
External links
The Man in the Pickle Suit on MySpace
The Man in the Pickle Suit on Facebook
The Man in the Pickle Suit on Twitter
Blanca Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Blanca
Lordsillynipples
Jiggliami
The Man in the Pickle Suit
Sarah Jackson
Jessie Ruddy
Andrew Simmons
Statustjej
Blanca E-Mails: (1 • 2 • 3)
Spring Break, 2008!
Nudes
Jiggliami Medallion
Chris's Letter to Blanca
We're Being Watched
Blanca destroys the Medallion
Chris Chan Update 21 October 2008
Coinciding Sagas: Jimmy Hill, PandaHalo
Emily Saga
The Players
People: Chris • LoveYouLongTime (Emily • Kim Wilson • Unknown Gal-pals) • Bob Chandler • Man in the Pickle Suit • Magical Man • Clyde Cash • Faeryn • Robert Simmons V • Bryan Bash • Statustjej
LoveYouLongTime:
Emily:
Kim:
E-mails (2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎)
Kiwi Farms Posts
Church Visit
Date with Emily
Hooker incident
Sign Destruction Video
A Message to Chris Chan. From an old friend.
Chris's Big Night Out
Chris's Big Night Out II
Rollin' and Trollin'
Magical Man Potion
Confirmation of spooning
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Liquid
Catherine Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Catherine Sorrentino
Thetan (Rebeckah Bentley • Renee)
Cousin Al
Colin
Marvin
Shaina
Anna McLerran
Catherine E-mails
Colin Chats (1 • 2)
Open Relationship E-mails
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
Applebee's Date
IRL Tour of 14 Branchland Court
Rental House Tour
I Love You, Catherine
Apology Letters
Three-Quarter Woman
Taint Piercing
Coinciding Sagas: Sonic Boom
Idea Guy Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Idea Guys (Joshua Wise • Stephen Boyd • Unnamed Others)
Fictional Characters: John Yamada • Gwen Mikoto • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein • Magi-chan • Cryzel • Kun T’Nyuget • Mewtwo • Pitohui • Bundychu • Akan
The Concepts:
The Chats:
The Videos:
Hyperdimension Neptunia
Payday 2
Nazis
CWCstapo
Anytime Fitness
Dimensional Merge
Operation BARBarossa
Polyamorous marriage
The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Sonichu 13
Miscellaneous Ideas
2018 Sales Listings
Tings Tingz DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (Ballzymaker94)
Misc Idea Guy chats
Idea Guy Q&A
Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat
The Bad Beginning
Cryzel Torture
The Chris-Chan Extortionists
Count Dankula Interview
Red Forest
Remove Kebab!
Cherokean Chant
Smashing
Get Out, You D*** Nazis
Third House Tour
Chris apologizes to Gwen
Chris slaps himself
Dick Licker; that is I
One-Hundred
Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture
All Star
Chris lost Crystal
I’m Sorry for Ruining so many Fandoms
Coinciding Sagas: Guard Dog
Guard Dog Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Anna McLerran
The Captain
Marvin
Null
Kim Wilson
Jack Z
Bryanfrogboy
The Captain DMs
Marvin DMs
Null DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)
Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)
Kiwi Farms posts (Null)
OPERATION: Kingsnake
Coinciding Sagas: Idea Guy, TTS
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Man_in_the_Pickle_Suit&oldid=349706"