Title: March 2025 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/March_2025_social_media_posts
Categories: 
================================================================================

This page is an archive of Chris's social media posts during March 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, the posts are on Bluesky and from the account ‪@cpujcwcsprime.bsky.social‬.
Contents
1 Livestream announcement
2 First Micromaster Transformers
3 Customer haggling
4 MLP G6?
5 Also, Live Stream Tonight
6 Live Stream Tonight
7 Chaos Crystal Control Act 0
8 In case you missed it
9 St. Patrick's Day and Sonichu 25th Anniversary
10 Wild Sonichu, tweet 1
11 Wild Sonichu, tweet 2
12 Planet Dolan
13 AI Sarah x Wes
14 I never drew that
15 Be kind and love thy neighbor
16 More of Transformers Legacy United Merged
17 Meditate to beat COVID
18 What got Chris into Sonic?
19 Favorite Teen Titans episode
20 Sparky
21 ROBLOX
22 Transformers figure criticism
23 Authentically Woke
24 Reply to ween
25 I am a Goddess
26 Livestream announcement, part 2
27 Robert's cringe moment
28 The Critic
29 Response to criticism
30 Brainrot
31 Interview/Debate inquiry
32 Lightning Bliss
33 I have been drawing
34 Streaming in about a half hour
35 Live from Italy, it's 2006
Livestream announcement
6 March
4:41 PM
Hey, y'all.
I have not forgotten about you all.
I'll do a live stream or two soon; speed play a modern classic on my PS3.
Might take more than one stream to do, but we'll have a bit of good old fashioned fun.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts a GIF of Tails, Sonic, and Knuckles.]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account a minute later.
First Micromaster Transformers
8 March
4:42 PM
I just realized this: between Spike and Daniel with their Exosuits, they were essentially the First #Micromaster #Transformers.
⚡️💙⚡️
Customer haggling
9 March
10:39 AM
[In response to the above post]
Snowball @snxwbxll.bsky.social‬
Hi, a bit of an off-topic question, but do you still do art commissions? To be clear, the highest I will pay is $50.
Chris
Yes, but the prices are set as they are on my Etsy and Cwclight.
MLP G6?
10 March
3 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Equestria Daily
The ponies will evolve. Would you watch a G6 with future Twilight and her apprentice?
[posts fanart from G4]
Chris
Too Soon!
⚡️💙⚡️
Also, Live Stream Tonight
14 March
10:25 AM
Speed of progression is dependant on the inner will and inner warrior of the individual when it comes to emotional, mental and physical growth.
This is made apparent when you know what it is you want to manifest and how to do so from meditation and insights.
⚡️💙⚡️
Also, Live Stream Tonight.
[Posts GIF of Sonic the Hedgehog.]
A very similar message was posted to Chris's Twitter account two minutes later.
Live Stream Tonight
14 March
10:27 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Speed of progression is dependant on the inner will and inner warrior of the individual when it comes to emotional, mental and physical growth.
This is clear when you know what it is you want to manifest and how to do so from meditation and insights.
⚡️💙⚡️
Live Stream Tonight.
[Posts GIF of Sonic the Hedgehog.]
Chaos Crystal Control Act 0
14 March
3:52 PM
Prequel...⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to YouTube video titled JCWCSP Dramatic Reading - Chaos Crystal Control Act 0.]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account three minutes later, with an added Sonic the Hedgehog GIF.
In case you missed it
14 March
11:49 PM
My bad for not linking when starting the Stream; in case you missed it.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Run]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account three minutes later, with an added Sonic the Hedgehog GIF of Sonic saying "HAHA, HA ONE!"
St. Patrick's Day and Sonichu 25th Anniversary
17 March
8:59 AM
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of you. 🍀
Also, Happy Sonichu and Rosechu Anniversary, as I had discovered them on this day back in 2000.
⚡️💙⚡️
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account two minutes later.
This would seem to be incorrect - Chris says he "discovered" both characters on 17 March 2000, but evidence suggests he only created Sonichu that day for Christian's Favorite Hits!. Rosechu does not appear in any material until the Wall of Originals card of 22 December 2000.
Wild Sonichu, tweet 1
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
17 March
2:33 PM
WatchMojo
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone! Who's your favorite green character?
[Posts picture of 12 green characters with the text "Who's Your Fave Green Character?"]
Chris
Wild Sonichu
Wild Sonichu, tweet 2
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
17 March
3:51 PM
ToonHive
In honor of #StPatricksDay, what’s your favorite green character? ☘️
[Posts four pictures of different green characters.]
Chris
Wild Sonichu
Planet Dolan
19 March
11:18 AM
I watched this video last night.
I feel a bit crestfallen, because I saw the goodness and good humor in the cast, #DangerDolan as well, over the years.
I got to meet one of them at MAGFest years ago, and it was a humble experience.
That comedian is strong.
[Posts link to a YouTube video by Rob's Media titled "What Ever Happened To Planet Dolan?"]
Now hearing #Hellbent had went a path like #ToonKritic; that just plain sucks.
When it comes with other individuals I meet, I see the good in them for the latter, yet when I sense something off about them, my energy senses and intuition kick in better.
See, I can tell in person from their aura,...
...and I can tell from their voice and how they speak.
So when I had first heard Dolan and Shima in their earlier videos, I sensed and knew they would be quite successful, and they all were.
Some blame can be put onto the pandemic, making their content more difficult to manifest.
Yet,...
...Dolan tried again, and he had an animation that may have not gone beyond the pilot, but it was still decent.
And he got married to Gooby; a Lot of blessings that I pray he is continuing to count each and every moment.
As well as everyone else on Dolan's crew, past and present.
I even...
...was a Patreon supporter for a little while, and I even got my question of what the word and flaw with Count Graduon was answered in the Black Hole episode on #SuperPlanetDolan.
I appreciate for the time as he made his company, Dolan was still finding himself, as did everyone on his crew.
A few fell overboard and went really astray, but with at least one of them, I see them realizing those were better times and that they have the ability to turn themselves around for the better and Light Powered.
I, Mrs. Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime, am quite the testament with a...
...long history with times of potential that had not really prospered, because I was obsessed with my feeling single and searching for my Sweetheart-to-be.
But #DangerDolan and his old and present crew and friends (except Hellbent, now, for a few years) have the potential to resume anew and...
...succeed with what was a very lucrative and fun animated Q&A series, and even the animations about the Planet Dolan crew that simply worked.
I feel certain I am not the only one who feels that way.
Dolan, I thank you for the fun insights and information, "Blowing our minds with treeth."...
...I encourage you to keep trying in the face of adversities, for you have yourself and all of your friends and crew.
Keep strong, #DangerDolan.
⚡️💙⚡️
I see you've put a lot off for quite a while with tests of patience, which I see will pay off well for you.
You will become a master from what...
...you have learned over the years and what you have learned and realized in your mental Hermit state.
I'm certain Gooby has been aware of and thoughtful and supportive of this recently for you.
Be safe and well, and have a good one, Dolan and Gooby.⚡️💙⚡️
AI Sarah x Wes
19 March
4:34 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪Wes Iseli‬
Chris I just want to take the time to thank you for my wonderful Commission, my wife doesn't like it but I'm gonna frame it and hang it in my studio. Thank you so much! It's well worth the 350 dollars!
goddessleona.bsky.social
Aww, lovely
Wes Iseli‬
Cute isn't it? Its Sarah sitting on my lap when I dated her at Manchester High School! I have fond memories of her. Doesn't she look like a spitting image of Britney Spears? I think so!
Chris
I MUST call you out on this.
Sarah Never left Ruckersville for Midlothian, so she Never attended Manchester High.
Called yourself out on that, faker.
I never drew that
19 March
4:36 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪Wes Iseli‬
Chris I just want to take the time to thank you for my wonderful Commission, my wife doesn't like it but I'm gonna frame it and hang it in my studio. Thank you so much! It's well worth the 350 dollars!
Chris
And I never drew that; either someone simulated my art style, or you used an AI generator to make that.
Be kind and love thy neighbor
21 March
11:27 AM
I have just realized something that is worldwide true.
The United States and United Kingdom; they both, and a few other cities and countries worldwide, have the word "United" in them.
But what is a synonym of United?
TOGETHER.
And on this one undividing Earth, all throughout time,...
...regardless of country of origin, guess what: we all Are Together in the fact that we all are on the same Planet.
And regardless of metaphysical details, this remains physically true.
Spiritually, we are all on this Earth as well, some of us connected with the metaphysical, but regardless.
Eventually, our world would find a neutral peace.
Shouldn't the fact that we are all together on this Earth be enough to quell the doubts and fears that we are all united on the same Planet?
And on that, not be as judgmental of others who are on their own search of self among all of us.
We are all common ground due to the fact we all live on the same planet and want peace, prosperity and a union on common ground.
So, yeah, be kind and love thy neighbor as you love thyself.
Thank you.
⚡️💙⚡️
More of Transformers Legacy United Merged
24 March
11:28 PM
The next wave of #TransformersLegacyUnitedMerged figures are in.
Reviews coming soon.
⚡️💙⚡️
www.bigbadtoystore.com
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter a minute later, adding:
@Hasbro @BigBadToyStore
Meditate to beat COVID
25 March
5:57 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Pauly Sentry
Got tested positive for Covid
Chris
Meditate and encourage your white blood cells to focus on the area that feels the worst as well as the virus cells.
Let your inner warrior help in clearing out the virus.
That is the secret to surviving and recovering from the virus. I know this and have experienced it, myself.
What got Chris into Sonic?
27 March
11:38 AM
Clank the short red robot
I got a question so what got you into sonic the hedgehog??
Chris
One of the best questions from the fan base. Thank you.
😊
Before #SonicTheHedgehog dashed in on #SEGA Genesis, or even the Master System, my hero was Robert Rabbit, aka the #AmericanRabbit. As all of you really should know by now, I work by intuition and energy vibrations a lot of the time.
[Posts GIF of The American Rabbit.]
This was the case with Robert and Sonic. Also, Regardless of him having the same first name as my dad, as well as the cringe from the OG movie; it Seriously could benefit from a reboot TV Series. Robert Rabbit appealed to me in how he transformed by simply running then gaining his super form,...
...complete with super powers and even roller skates on his feet. Not to mention his humble background and grounded personality.
As for Sonic, there was a demo Genesis at the #SEARS in #FashionSquareMall in #Charlottesville, VA. Of course it had Sonic 1 playing. I got similar and even stronger...
[Posts GIF of Sonic.]
...vibes from Sonic's super speed and force that I foreknew was gonna impact me for the better, as well as inspire me. One of my thoughts, once upon a time in 1991, was that I felt mentally slow sometimes, and Sonic inspired me to go faster in metality. Of course, ONLY as far as all of you know,...
...since the less than Scooby-Doo detective skills and lack of psychic power practice makes the majority, I am capable of thinking and processing faster. Granted, sometimes I do have my moments where my brain takes a break. Regardless, I made do with my mental abilities over the years.
And with the clear impact of winning one of the two top prizes in the Watch & Win Sweepstakes, my path was made a bit more clear that became more clear over the years.
So, in short: I got into #SonicTheHedgehog because it felt more than just right; it was Destiny.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of himself as seen in the Sonic the Hedgehog Watch & Win Sweepstakes interview.]
Favorite Teen Titans episode
27 March
11:40 AM
Posted on Twitter.
Tara Strong
Favorite #TeenTitans episode? 💜
Chris
The one where Raven and Starfire body-swapped and had to work together to rescue the others.
Raven had quite the time adjusting to how Starfire's powers functioned.
⚡️💙⚡️
Sparky
27 March
11:49 AM
As a lot of you know, I am also a fan of the #Gobots in addition to the #Transformers, and it remains very true and good that the Gobotronians migrated to Cybertron. I still prefer to refer to them as Guardians and Renegades, as opposed to Autobots and Decepticons.
Favourite Guardian: Sparky.
As I have learned of her, Sparky is a very smart and capable individual. I also liked her alt mode and how her OG toy transforms. Of the OG toys, Including Puzzler, which could do with Personality in the six bots that make it, are Stallion and Major Mo. Again, liked the alt modes and transformation.
Also, I'm certain that everyone knows the figures from #TransformersCombinerWars would be perfect for figures of Leader-1, Scooter and Turbo. Scooter has grown; give him some love and respect, y'all.
But I have noticed recently that between a couple of Cliffjumpers,...
...the could be mold-mates with Sparky. Simply a very good observation. #Hasbro, get even more on the #ReturnOfTheGobots.
⚡️💙⚡️
ROBLOX
27 March
11:50 AM
Smeggo master
Chris have you played sonic speed simulator on roblox?
Chris
No.
Never intend to play Roblox; it does not vibe with me that well.
Transformers figure criticism
27 March
11:59 AM
Posted on Twitter, and as a comment on his earlier Bluesky posting.
Also, @Hasbro and @takaratomytoys, you got the formula Perfect on the Combiner Bots and "Scramble City" between #TransformersCombinerWars and #TransformersPowerOfThePrimes; go back to that with the future combiner figures, please. Nobody wants what is up with Superion...
...and Menasor in #TranaformersLegacy and #TransformersAgeOfThePrimes. I am not a fan of those molds and combination transformation method. We really like The "Scramble City" combination method.
Go back to it and stay with it.
⚡️💙⚡️
Authentically Woke
27 March
12:20 PM
Quoting an earlier Bluesky post.
Also, considering how sensitive I am to the energies and timelines, and this should be clear with y'all who are #AuthenticallyWoke: if it vibes Light Powered and Good, then it is beneficial for this Timeline and all of You. You do best to Vibe with that. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF with the caption "The timeline is branching!"]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account on the same minute.
Reply to ween
27 March
3:53 PM
Continued from above.
thatonegg1.bsky.social
Good vibes? Are you serious right now? Have you looked back on your life at all? Your life is full of your manipulating your parents, yelling at strangers on the internet. You live a life full of lies you pass off as "alternate time lines" grow up
Chris
You do not know everything I have done off the internet. Your comment is based solely on only a handful of videos and opinions from others. You have no right to speak like that, because you do not know me personally.
Chris then blocked thatonegg1.
I am a Goddess
27 March
9:04 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪salmoneagle.bsky.social
You not a goddess ok that's the reality that we're glad you're not.
Chris
I am the Avatar of all existence; I am a Goddess.
⚡️💙⚡️
Livestream announcement, part 2
28 March
12:24 AM
To give you all a better let-you-know, I will be doing the second half of the Sonic '06 Sonic story playthrough on Saturday the 29th.
I'll be a bit more fair in audience acknowledgment, BUT I have to give the Superchat supporters more quick responses, and I am still saving...
[Posts GIF of Sonic.]
...money for dental work. So, the donations that are over $10 or $20 will be very much appreciated, please.
Thank you all, kindly.
⚡️💙⚡️
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account a minute later.
Robert's cringe moment
28 March
8:43 AM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪Just Your Friendly Neighborhood Peachy
I thought you loved the movie. How is it cringe now? I mean it's a kids' movie but it isn't that bad is it?
Chris
It's mostly good, but the cringe was in that one moment when Robert hesitated as he answered the question of where he was after rescuing them from the boat.
The Critic
28 March
9:01 AM
Posted on Twitter.
WatchMojo
On The Critic, Jay Sherman made his living as an international jet-setting restaurant reviewer.
A: true
B: false
Dominate the leaderboard at https://WatchMojo.com/play
Chris
False. He criticized movies.
[posts The Critic gif]
Response to criticism
28 March
12:06 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪‪bobafett794.bsky.social‬
I think you could get more visibility on your streams if you would bring back the content that people miss. You know, the captain's logs, the Love Quest, showing off your powers, persuading Hasbro to revive G4, updates on the Merge, etc. I don't think people care about the AI singing stuff.
Chris
The only thing on that list which is complete is the Love Quest.
Brainrot
28 March
3:18 PM
#Saberspark Is right. This is one reason why I stay clear from certain games and shows. My intuition also senses and foresees the quality and feel without even having to watch or play it at all. ⚡️💙⚡️The 25th anniversary Digimon anime vibes good.
[Posts link to a YouTube video by Saberspark titled YouTube Has A Brainrot Problem...]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account on the same minute.
Interview/Debate inquiry
28 March
5:27 PM
taxedbrass.bsky.social‬
Hey, Chris. Is there somewhere I can reach you about setting up an interview/debate, where you can expand upon your philosophy?
Chris
Any legitimate business inquiries can be made through the email page on Cwclight.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to the Contact section of Cwclight.]
Lightning Bliss
28 March
6:00 PM
This is a very nice music video. It is a reminder that we need to tend to ourselves amidst our work, as well as count the blessing of the friends and allies who give us and themselves support. Excellent work, #LightningBliss. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to a YouTube video by Lightning Bliss titled "The Rainbow Guard" - ft Prince Whatever]
I have been drawing
28 March
8:20 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
‪‪bobafett794.bsky.social‬
Ok, so it sounds like you still have more to say on the other stuff. That's what your fans want to see and it would help you make a comeback, maybe you'd get more views on your streams and thus, more donations.
Of course, what we want to see most is the return of the comics. You should start drawing again. It was good stuff. Just make the content people want to see and I promise you that your viewership will go up.
Chris
I have been drawing. I'm just waiting until it's complete before puting anything of it online.
Streaming in about a half hour
29 March
7:32 PM
Quoting an earlier Bluesky post.
Will be streaming in about a half hour from now. Maybe I'll complete Sonic's story this time. ⚡️💙⚡️
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account on the same minute.
Live from Italy, it's 2006
29 March
8:03 PM
Live from Italy, it's 2006.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough]
The same message was posted to Chris's Twitter account on the same minute.
(Note that the Sonic 2006 video game is set in Venice, Italy.
Chris was not actually livestreaming from there.)
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=March_2025_social_media_posts&oldid=344143"