Title: Matthew Nobles call
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Matthew_Nobles_call
Categories: Chats without Chris, Phone calls, The GAMe PLACe
================================================================================

NOTE: Chris was not directly involved in this conversation.
Soon at a GAMe PLACe near you!
On 10 August 2010, Alec Benson Leary, posing as The GAMe PLACe employee Matthew Nobles, called Bob Chandler and discussed Chris's encounter with Michael Snyder in June 2010.
The phone call is enlightening, as it reveals a number of things concerning Bob and his views of Chris and those he talks to. These include that he never knew of the trespassing incident in June and that, for some unknown reason, he believes Chris's trolling incidents are a conspiracy based in the GAMe PLACe, with the help of Megan Schroeder and some kids he "thinks were gay" (probably Eric and Tito[1]). He also reveals that Chris has been having some credit card troubles and is blaming the vast Greene County conspiracy to cover his own ass. Barbara Chandler later joins the call; she and Bob try to get Matthew to identify himself.
The call ended abruptly at Bob and Barbara's questioning Matthew's identity; Alec later claimed he chose to hang up due to not wanting to put up with them any longer[2] (despite being the one to harass them).
The call put Bob in a less sympathetic light in the eyes of most observers.
Contents
1 Audio
2 Transcript
3 References
4 External links
Audio
Matthew Nobles call
Click to load content
Stardate
10 August 2010
Featuring
Alec, Bob, Barb
Saga
Game_Place_saga The GAMe PLACe
Transcript
Bob: Hello?
Matthew: Uh, hello, is this Robert Chandler?
Bob: Yes?
Matthew: Hello?
Bob: Who is this?
Matthew: Oh, hi, hi, Mr. Chandler. Hi, my name is, uh, Matthew Nobles, I think you just tried to call me back, I left you a message?
Bob: Yes, what-what's your problem?
Matthew: Well um, actually--um, I wanted to talk to you about something. Um, I'm an employee at the GAMe PLACe. Uh, I apologize for calling you so long after the incident occurred but, uh, given your son's continued harassment of our store I felt we needed to speak to you-
Bob: The uh--the gaming place, now? Uhh...
Matthew: The GAMe PLACe.
Bob: This place down town? By the Omni?
Matthew: Correct. Correct.
Bob: OK...OK...now what's--what's-
Matthew: Well-
Bob: What's the problem?
Matthew: Well, um, I'm sure you're aware of uh, the little incident your son, ah, Christian had when he came to our store, um, early in June. Um-
Bob: I didn't know he had been to your store early in June.
Matthew: When he attempted to ge-
Bob: I knew he-
Matthew: Oh, you were unaware of-
Bob: He- I knew he, uh, had some, a lot of problems with you people several years ago. [Matthew attempts to answer, Bob continues over him]
Matthew [interrupted]: Well, uh, what happened was, uh...
Bob [continuing]: When you basically kicked him out and everything else for no reason of his own.
Barb: [in the background]: And his mother.
Bob: And his mother. And everybody else. I don’t really like your place, now what’s it gon--I didn't know he'd been there in June, hmm, ow tell me about this.
Matthew: Well, basically what happened was he came in, he wanted to talk to our manager, Mike, about getting himself unbanned. Um, Mike refused to speak with him about the matter.
Bob: Well, I think that's the Mike that threw him out. Mike's been persecuting him for years and I don't like Mike. I'd like to speak to the owner of the place I think lives up here, up the road from me. In Madison or somewhere. This whole thing is a setup from the very beginning with my son. Now I don- didn't like it then and I still don't like it. Now what happened in June?
Barb: [interrupts] Bob?
Matthew: [interrupted several times] Well, sir, the point is that- Sir, I... sir. Well after he left, uh, when he couldn't get himself unbanned, he came back several days later and was taking pictures of people in the store-
Bob: Well, that's not illegal!
Matthew: Um, one of the patrons... He... Some people felt that he was threatening them, to be honest. One woman said that he was taking pictures of her son. I don't know if that's true or not, but uh, Mike was there and he became angry and called the police because your son was trespassing
Bob: Well he hadn't told them he- didn't come in there, it's a business place. Now, Mike, and Megan are the ones that conspired together with a couple of other people- kids there that I think were gay, to persecute and torment Christian for years. OK, I don't like Mike. I would like to talk to the owner of the store. I could really tell him about the people he employs there. OK, I could tell him a lot.
Barb: [in the background] Megan lied.
Matthew: Sir... Well, regardless of that sir, I don't know about any of that all I know is that your son was banned from the store and he trespassed
Bob: [Talking over Matthew] Well regardless of that, that all figures within to this stuff. That all figures into this stuff. It certainly shouldn't and what should- It certainly should-
Matthew: Well that certainly- But I just called to- Sir I called to inform you- I called to inform you that even though the police came and made your son sign a trespassing notice that he continued to harass our store online. That's what I called to inform you of.
Bob: Well he probably- People are harassing him from all over the world! Let me tell you something fella, you know what some damn crazy fools that I think started at your store with Megan, and Mike, and two or three more. You know what they just did a week ago? They just broke into his checking account, got his checking account numbers and routing numbers they- they broke into his Best Buy Mastercard number, and they stole his ID, and- and all of his uh... Password information they went into that Best Buy checking account, trying to ruin his credit, and made a payoff on a check that had no funds in the checking account. Which got him a whole bunch uh- of of non-sufficient fund fees. Now this all transpired a week ago. Now I'm not going to listen to your petty stuff, OK? You have people including Mike, and I can tell you two more names, but I can't think of 'em right now but the third one is Megan. And I'm sure you've heard of Megan or know Megan, right there in the store.
Matthew: I've heard about Megan. Sir, I don't understand why you're not concerned about your son trespassing.
Bob: They're the people that are terrorizing Christian! They're the people that are terrorizing Christian! Ok?
Matthew: This really has nothing to do with the GAMe PLACe, sir. I just called to inform you about your son trespassing.
Bob: It has something to do with the GAMe PLACe because that's...the pla--well, you're from the GAMe PLACe, right?
Matthew: Sir, the GAMe PLACe didn't break into his bank accounts. I don't know why you're telling me about this.
Bob: Well, we think that people that come to your place do, including one of your employees named Mike.
Matthew: Well, we don't control all of our customers.
Bob: Including one of your employees named Mike. Now, if you would like to have me talk to your owner I would be glad to- and my wife would be glad to go to a meeting with him about your place and how it's corrupting the whole neighborhood!
Matthew: I kind of doubt that Mike himself is the guy that broke into your son's account. I kind of doubt that, sir. I just called to inform you that your son trespassed. Sir, your son was banned from the store and he came back and told me to-
Bob: No but he and Megan and that group- Fine! Send us a letter! Send us a letter! Send me a letter, sir! Ok? I don't know who you are. Do you work for the store?
Matthew: Well I know tha- I overheard that the police, when he was talking to the police I overheard him say that he was very adamant that he didn't want you to be told about this. He wanted his- said something about his counselor.
Bob: Well- Do you work for the store?
Matthew: Yes I do sir.
Bob: Do you work for the store? Can you answer the question?
Matthew: I just said that I do, sir.
Bob: I beg your pardon?
Matthew: W-What question sir? I missed your question, sir.
Bob: Do you work for the GAMe PLACe?
Matthew: I just answered that, sir.
Bob: No you didn't. Do you work for the GAMe PLACe?
Matthew: I said, "Yes I do, sir." I answered that three times in a row.
Bob: Ok, what is your position at the GAMe PLACe?
Matthew: I'm an employee of theirs, sir. I'm a supervisor.
Bob: You're a supervisor. Now what does that exactly mean? That mean you're a shift manager?
Matthew: ...Yes.
Bob: Yes, OK. Now, will you tell me the owner's name, or do I have to subpoena it?
Matthew: Sir... [stress sigh] ...look, I'm- honestly, I'm getting a little tired of this, sir. I'm just calling to inform your son trespassed and he's getting arrested.
Bob: Well, sir, I'm getting a little tired of your place. OK? I don't want to be harassed by your place.
Matthew: Fair enough. We don’t like your son harassing us.
Bob: You left me a pretty threatening message on the thing to start with. On my telephone.
Matthew: What? Sir, I left a message saying I had a sensitive matter to discuss with you. How is that threatening?
Bob: Yeah, but it was your tone of voice and attitude.
Matthew: Sir, I didn't have an attitude. I was perfectly polite.
Bob: Oh, no. No, no you weren't.
Barb: Get his name.
Matthew: I don't know how to disagree with that, sir.
Bob: How do you spell your last name? How do you spell your last name?
Matthew: Nobles. N-O- Sir. This isn't threatening. I feel that it was irresponsible of us not to inform Christian's parents. That’s why I called. To inform you about his trespassing.
Bob: Well... Just wait a minute now.
Matthew: He wanted us to talk to his counselor instead.
Bob: 'Cause when was he told- N-O-B-E-L or N-O-B-L-E?
Matthew: I wasn't there the initial time years ago when he was banned, sir. All I know is he was there when um-
Bob: Is it N-O-B-E-L or N-O-B-L-E?
[pause]
Matthew: Sir...
Bob: Sir! How do you spell your last name?
Matthew: I'm- I really don't feel like answering these questions, sir. You're giving me the third degree for no-
Bob: You can- you can answer a simple question. Well you- You told me your name, now how do you spell it?
Matthew: You've been yelling at me this entire time, sir. I don't feel like, frankly giving you my name-
Bob: Just spell your name and I won't yell at you!
Barb: You were not yelling! [Inaudible]
Matthew: That’s a rather... silly... requirement, sir.
Barb: He's not yelling at you!
Matthew: I'm just trying to talk-
Barb: Spell your last name!
Matthew: He has been yel-
Barb: Spell your last name! Hey! Who're you?
Matthew: [sigh] I've already given my name. I'm-
Barb: You have not! What is your first name?
Bob: Noble is his last name. I don't know how you spell it.
Barb: Ma- Matthew Noble. N-O-B-E-L. What's your phone number? [REDACTED] That's a weird number. OK now, what is it you want? 'Cause it sounds like eh- You're- You're lookin' to try to uh- uhm- uh- Harass us and get something out of us. And we don't want nothing to do with you. [Bob says "like that again" and "GAMe PLACe" loudly in background, possibly yelling at Chris] 'Cause you- Just because you- I don't know wha- if you work at the GAMe PLACe or not. I can't see you, I'm not down there. And yo-
["Matthew" abruptly hangs up]
References
↑ Mimms and Lucas_Q&A#Racism and homophobia
↑ https://kiwifarms.st/threads/abl-q-a.805/ (archive)
External links
Audio download
GAMe PLACe Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Michael Snyder
Daniel Mimms
Barbara Chandler
Rob Bell
Megan Schroeder
Rocky Shoemaker
Lucas White
Champthom
GAMe PLACe Ban
Mimms and Lucas Q&A
GAMe PLACe Photo
Michael Snyder is ColdHearted and Mean
Greene County Conspiracy
Matthew Nobles call
6 June 2010
28 October 2011
Coinciding Sagas: Megan, First Exile, Jackie, Second Exile
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Matthew_Nobles_call&oldid=348790"