Title: May 2015 Facebook posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/May_2015_Facebook_posts
Categories: Category, Facebook
================================================================================

This page covers Chris's activity on his personal Facebook page in May 2015. During this month he also made a memorable contribution to his public group, Brassieres For Males.
Contents
1 Summary
2 Chris's posts
2.1 More Amiibo
2.2 Nearly Sold Out
2.3 Wild and Bubbles in Super Smash Bros.
2.4 Come to My Window, Chris'll Be Home Soon
2.5 Chris Takes Hormones
2.6 All This and Eye-Contact Too!
2.7 Angelica in Super Smash Bros.
2.8 Did I Forget to Tell You About the Bonobos?
2.9 Meet Russel and Cynthia
2.10 The Mailbag Returns
2.11 Manboob Tunes
2.12 Memorial Day Reflections
2.13 Riots and Catastrophes
2.14 Reading Faces
2.15 The Mysterious Lady
2.16 Another Quiz
Summary
3 May - Chris announces a new batch of Sonichu Amiibo for sale on eBay.
4 May - In an update, Chris declares that the Amiibo are nearly sold out.
5 May - Chris imagines Wild and Bubbles in the game Super Smash Bros.
5 May - Chris signs a petition to pay homage to lesbian rocker Melissa Etheridge.
12 May - Chris posts some new self-portraits. Comments from Kim Wilson indicate that he is taking hormones, which Chris confirms.
14 May - Chris posts the first draft of a note asking his friends to have sex with him.
15 May - Chris uses Facebook's note feature again to make a elaborate on his plea for hanky-panky.
15 May - Chris discusses how Angelica would like to play Super Smash Bros.
16 May - Chris releases texts of a disturbing sex discussion with an unknown person.
21 May - Chris tells a bizarre story about Chris Chan Sonichu and self-fertilization.
23 May - Chris answers questions (which no one had asked) about what it's like to be transgender.
23 May - Chris tells his public that his duck goes up when loud music makes his mantits vibrate.
24 May - In a post unusual for its normality, Chris remembers Bob on Memorial Day.
24 May - Chris makes two comments about Derpy, warning of "Riots and Catastrophes" if her name is changed to "Muffins."
25 May - Chris posts the results of an internet questionnaire about femininity.
30 May - Chris takes another internet personality quiz.
Chris's posts
More Amiibo
On 3 May Chris posted a new link to his eBay account with the notice:
3 May 2015
Ten More Certified Sonichu Figures available now; ready to ship as early as Tomorrow, Monday the 4th!
Nearly Sold Out
The following day he updated:
4 May 2015
One Last Figure available/remaining for this month! Will ship it as early as tomorrow if ordered today!
Wild and Bubbles in Super Smash Bros.
5 May 2015
#WildSonichu‬'s choice character for SSB is Donkey Kong or Diddy Kong. Jungle Boogie!
‪#‎BubblesRosechu‬'s choices are Peach or Rosalina. Pretty Blue Dress with a star; Princess takes down her captor. And they fight with style and sass!
Also, let's vote for ‪#‎Sonichu‬ to be a DLC character in ‪#‎SuperSmashBros‬., for future possibilities of More Sonichu and ‪#‎Rosechu‬ Stories directly from me, in addition to potential comic pages, I would appreciate that.
https://cp.nintendo.co.jp/us/
Tune in Next Time for ‪#‎AngelicaRosechu‬'s Character Choice.
In the above image, Wild is saying:
I like the jungle life. My family and I enjoy tree-hopping and vine swinging now and then. Easy guess for my SSB characters: Donkey Kong or Diddy Kong. DK is a jungle monkey I can relate with in simple jungle life. Not only ground-pounding tough, but hay making a self-propeller to clear the space is neat. I would get a bit dizzy if I did that; I tried. I'm better off vine-swinging to stay airborn. Jungle Boogie!
Bubbles sez:
I like the pretty and styling outfits the gals in the game wear; I like the princess roles, and when they fight back, they're awesome! Rosalina's outfit is blue like me, but sending a star to fight for her, I feel, is not as good as fighting for yourself. I like Peach better; style, sass, and her fight has class! If it was me in her pumps, dress and crown, I'd take Bowser down not with only a K.O. punch or ring-out into his own lava pools, but I'd Drown him with more than a Surf's load of water!
Come to My Window, Chris'll Be Home Soon
On 5 May, Chris posted from Change.org that he had signed a petition to induct Melissa Etheridge into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
Chris Takes Hormones
On 12 May, Chris posted two new photos of himself.
Kim made two telling comments:
Awesome! The hormones seem to be working great! :)
Are you planning on ordering a second batch?
Chris then discovered that Forum member CatParty had written, "he looks like a D cup now." Chris posted a screenshot of this comment with the note:
:j This person got my new cup size right on the first try in the second response on the "Trollin' Farms" Forum new topic of the day.
In retaliation, Chris made another post which only makes sense as a caption to a horrifying photo he posted on his sister Facebook page, Brassieres For Males:
Enjoy my cookies, sugah!
When his friends expressed concern about medical issues surrounding hormone therapy, Chris reassured:
Already spoke with my doctor; it is cool.
All This and Eye-Contact Too!
On 14 May Chris posted the first draft of a rare Facebook note:
14 May 2015
Hey, Y'all. This post for my new women friends who I have had the pleasure meeting lately.
My main focus Has been on being Friends, and I will continue to honor and respect y'all as such. But I am also looking for friends with benefits. I will not personally push it; it is your call. I will still be your friend, regardless. To be direct: I am open to all women, Straight, Bi, and Lesbian. In fact, while I am fairly educated about Tribadism and abreast with theories, I would appreciate some experience with a lesbian or two who knows what she likes to enlighten me better, including on sensual massage and all that.
I understand how my born "part", shall we say, would offend, and Charlottesville is a small city, which is why I am posting this note online. A friend can be referred to me as well. My DQ friends can help me there as well, please.
On my giving you all each my contact card, y'all know how to contact me directly. Facebook Messages, Texting, and E-Mails are highly recommended. You may telephone me as well, but please leave your name and phone number in the voicemail, and I will call you back.
Thank you all, and have a Great and Safe day.
In response to feedback, he wrote a second, longer draft without deleting the first one:
15 May 2015
Hey, Y'all. This post for my new women friends who I have had the pleasure meeting lately.
My main focus Has been on being Friends, and I will continue to honor and respect y'all as such. But I am also looking for friends with benefits. I will not personally push it; it is your call. I will still be your friend, regardless. To be direct: I am open to all women, Straight, Bi, and Lesbian. In fact, while I am fairly educated about Tribadism and abreast with theories, I would appreciate some experience with a lesbian or two who knows what she likes to enlighten me better, including on sensual massage and all that.
From amongst my Friendships, I sincerely wish for a Long-Term Relationship with one of the women. I also understand that it takes great trials and errors from the number of friendships, acquaintainceships, and even a few short-term relationships. And most certainly a good amount of sexual experience to help satisfy my final Long-Term Relationship partner. I am also most open-minded towards an Open Relationship (and I have a past ex-relationship that helped me learn for the better of that).
Rest assured, my primary motive first-off is Friendships that I pray will last a long time. I write this Note, because I am out of practice sexually, and I find it difficult to bring up the subject face-to-face out of respect. And I would like to be more sex-positive in my life.
Seriously, if my primary motive was sexual, I would be practically a Hooker by now, but I am Not.
I understand how my born "part", shall we say, would offend, and Charlottesville is a small city, which is why I am posting this note online. I fully do identify myself as a woman, regardless of the born male part. A friend can be referred to me as well. My D.Q. friends, please help me there as well.
On my giving you all each my contact card, y'all know how to contact me directly. Facebook Messages, Texting, and E-Mails are highly recommended. You may telephone me as well, but please leave your name and phone number in the voicemail, and I will call you back.
Thank you all, and have a Great and Safe day.
The next day he posted images of a text correspondence (see below) and added a few new paragraphs to the note, shown here in context:
As for what I am able to offer to y'all, I've been addressed on a couple of the factors by one of my woman friends, and my thought out response to her summarizes that fairly well. I've screen capped the text messages, cropping out her name as well for her safety. And my expectations are reasonable and realistic. But Good Friendships remain my top priority. The long-lasting Sweetheart relationship is on my back burner for the while until when she comes about and something sparks good mutually.
On my giving you all each my contact card, y'all know how to contact me directly. Facebook Messages, Texting, and E-Mails are highly recommended. You may telephone me as well, but please leave your name and phone number in the voicemail, and I will call you back.
On that, if you reside outside of my home state of Virginia, I am open to those from the neighboring states, due to driving distance, if need be on my part. So, if y'all reside in Maryland, West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, or North Carolina (the exceptions from my own established Friendship Links as well), I encourage y'all to make a drive to Charlottesville, VA, and meet me there as well. Perhaps at the Impulse Club. I also encourage all from everywhere else to come and meet me in person as well, if they wish and can afford it.
A Face-To-Face Confirmed Friendship is a lot better than an Unconfirmed Internet Something or Nothing.
Thank you all, and have a Great and Safe day.
Additionally he included:
15 May 2015
A Short Friend Request Policy Note
Quoting Kenneth Englehardt, "In terms of getting off to a good start on building relationships with females, I would recommend you revise your friends policy with a public note saying you will accept Facebook friends from both genders (i.e.gay and striaght males & gay and straight females) as well as transgendered in both directions (both M to F and F to M). I have the same thing for my Facebook friends policy and the one thing I can say about this Christine is that it works."
I DO have a general policy to accept Facebook Friend Requests from both genders, including all amongst my LGBTQ community. But the reason why I generally do not accept Unsolicited Requests is a MAJOR Difference from when I Personally send out my own Friend Requests, as well as accepting Friend Requests from people I have met face to face beforehand. Since I have generally become paranoid of Internet Trolls and CyberBullies since 2007, I find the majority of the Unsolocited Incoming Friend Requests from People I have not met face to face beforehand, or that I do not know of who they are, are all Feared to be of Trolls and Bullies. And I do not accept Friend Requests from such Bad People.
Thank you.
Within a few days he had deleted all of this, and left his public with the following. For all intents and purposes, this was his new online Attraction Sign for 2015.
15 May 2015
Hey, Ladies. Befriend Me, then Try Me.
Come along and talk with me; I offer pleasant conversations, and I am a great listener. I am also compassionate and loyal. Hopefully I can be likable to you. My heart is open to all kind women.
And for nothing more than the experience, you may give me a try in private. Protected and no penetration required. I have an open mind for what you may desire. traditional for the straight women. clit-rubbing and pussy eating for the lesbians. And any way for the bisexual women. Massages, making out, lots of attention and eye contact, and whatever else desired, for all Women regardless of orientation!
No Strings Attached, unless we mutually agree towards something long-term. And I am down for an open relationship as well. And I will remain your good friend with open heart for as long as possible, anyhow.
Don't delay, ladies, meet me in person, and find the womanly glow I exude for your appreciation and hopeful satisfaction. heart emoticon
If you have already met me, and I gave you my card, you may message, text or call me anytime for further conversations and communications. Or, perhaps, plan some good fun, if you wish to.
The trolls, being trolls, were skeptical about Chris's intentions. He replied to his own note to lash out at them:
I do not know or understand Every Single Thing; NOBODY KNOWS EVERYTHING. I am not Perfect either; NOBODY IS PERFECT. But I have read, re-read and read more than another time Lesbianism in American History to fully appreciate the struggles and pains we soul sisters had to go through for our present and future generations! And it took a Lot to get us from perverted doctors "prescribing" whoring us out with the Law turning a blind eye during the 1800s, to the Equal Rights Protests we continue to march in today!
When I tell you Friendship is Top Priority to me with the women, I Damn Well Mean It Just That from the bottom of my Woman Heart and Soul! And you Haters who continue to offer Nothing Positively Contributional, I tell you all: To The Left and Far Well Behind me in the Distant Past with you and your Cruel Ways!
Good Day.
Angelica in Super Smash Bros.
15 May 2015
#‎AngelicaRosechu‬'s choice is Pit. She is a servant of Jesus; He is a servant to Palutena. And their primary weapons are Bows and Arrows.
Also, let's vote for ‪#‎Sonichu‬ to be a DLC character in ‪#‎SuperSmashBros‬., for future possibilities of More Sonichu and ‪#‎Rosechu‬ Stories directly from me, in addition to potential comic pages, I would appreciate that.
https://cp.nintendo.co.jp/us/
Tune in Next Time for ‪#‎PunchySonichu‬'s Character Choice.
Angelica's comments:
Pit, hands down! As a servant of our Lord, I feel good with Pit as my character of choice in the games. Also, since my forte' is more dedicated in soaring high for Jesus, I rarely had much practice throwing lightning. Instead, I form a lightning-made bow, and a lightning bolt, and I do great as an archer. Palatina; to play as a Goddess is tempting, but I live to serve. And with Dark Pit,...do you REALLY Expect ME to join the Dark Side, like, EVER? Never!
Did I Forget to Tell You About the Bonobos?
On 16 May, Chris posted images of a text dialogue between himself and an unknown white knight:
Friend:
One thing I can tell you is that scissoring isn't as popular as you think it is. I tried it twice, and decided it just wasn't worth it. It's VERY uncomfortable, and a LOT of work to feel almost nothing. It's very hard to rub something that small together. What lesbians DO like is pussy eating. If you're good with your tongue, you're golden. This is your best shot at having lesbian sex.
Chris:
I have found that I am quite good with my tongue; I am very interested in eating pussy. And if you check out the Female Bonobo Monkies, a lot of them are Lesbians with each other; they have extended clitoris. And one can view the male part like an extended clitoris, regardless of what it actually is. Put a condom on it, and rub the side against a clitoris, not only Really does good for me, but I imagine and empathize stimulating for her as well. And I understand they like dildo-play as well, so if my actual condomed one is not cool for her, I am willing to wear a strapee with her fave dildo. And I don't have to have it rubbed for pleasure; caress my breasts and touch me all over with the silky, smooth hands and fingers and nails, hmmmmmm! So Goood!
I am very open minded with the lesbian play, and I know a sufficient amount from some of the porn, as well as the Tribadism Wikipedia page, and here and there. My favorite Lesbian porn site that really thrills me is welivetogether.com. Not a member, but the samples are good.
My expectations are realistic, and what I can do and am open for, from what she, of any orientation, likes, I feel I can manage well. ;)
Meet Russel and Cynthia
This particular post discusses how Chris's recent transgender antics have affected his comic persona. His furry transformation is now female, while his human form is now a tomgirl. What makes this development particularly disturbing is how Chris goes on to say that he took his own semen and used it to impregnate himself while in Sonichu form. He later gives birth to twins, which somehow do not have any genetic deformities (including autism).
21 May 2015
Who wants to hear a silly story that is sure to shock some people?
To synchronize with myself here from the city of Cwcville, the me there is also very much a Lesbian Transwoman. After coming out, it had been a while until when she was needed to save the day in Cwcville. So, she transformed into the updated Chris Chan Sonichu (see drawings and new Amiibo figure photos). She now has in this form Breasts bigger than her D-Cup, her tail was now complimentary to her soulful identity. It was not until after saving the city from the forces of Count Graduon and his minions, that she realized her form's new assets. And she was abreast with delight and glee when she found not the Male Part, but a Vagina!
grin emoticon
. "Oh, My Gosh! I can hardly believe it!" She said excitedly. "Oh! I should get an x-ray. Oh, even better! Magi-Chan!" She mentally linked with Magi-Chan Sonichu. He visioned into her organ structure with his Psychic Powers. "Yes, Miss Chandler, you Have a uterus and ovaries, even some ovium", he told her.
After some time and thought, Christine had an idea. Back in human form, she extracted some of her essence. Then in (female) Sonichu form, she shot her essence up herself. Then, there was more trouble from the count in the city. So she and the electric-hedgehogs thwarted his soul-crushing plans again. After that, when she tried to transform back to human, she could not. She was stuck in her Chris Chan Sonichu form. Then between Magi-Chan and the examinations at the hospital, she was knocked up for sure. And quick enough for any egg-laying Pokémon, two weeks later, she laid an egg. After laying the egg, she was able to transform back into her human form. And after another three weeks of keeping it warm, cozy and safe, the egg hatched. And it was Twins! A Sonee and a Rosee! She named them Russel and Cynthia. Under the care and visits between Christine, Sonichu and Rosechu, they both grew up to be a healthy Sonichu and Rosechu with no birth defects at all, not even any autism. Russel grew his own interests of the culture of England and the Brits. Cynthia grew to enjoy her Cherokee roots, and became a naturist as well.
And all things considered, this story can not be helped but be cannon to the series and stories of mine. Not only that, but it definitely goes to show, Pokémon Are People.
LOL.
Have a good day.
Waterhead asked:
Will you adapt this into Sonichu #11 after the Christmas story is finished?
Chris replied:
Maybe
Rowan Dunstan was confused:
How can Chrisine-Chan Sonichu be a Sonichu? Wouldn't he become a Rosechu? You've said before that no female Sonichu exist, just like no Rosechu males exist. How did this change happen, also? Was it part of the Anchuent Prophecy?
Also, how could the child be a Rosee if no Rosechu was used to impregnate? And wouldn't they be half-human, half Sonichu since it was human sperm with a Sonichu egg?
Chris clarified:
I am sticking with the same character name, regardless of what I have become. Silvana Rosechu has a similar, yet spell-induced, organ change; she was still referred to as a Rosechu. You can say my alt-character is a Rosechu, but the name remains the same by my choice: Chris Chan Sonichu. From a Rosechu, regardless, as long as the full and functioning Female Reproductive organs are there, she can give birth to either a Sonee or a Rosee.
You can't make a Human baby when the mother is not human (not counting the human-type Pokémon). But sure is as "a child woke up one day as a Kadabra", the number of them, not all, are human.
That prophecy was to explain a bit of the enchantment of the original medallion.
And, in case you haven't noticed, I impregnated myself; soo rare, it's near impossible!
Kim alluded to The Room to remark:
Wow, what a story. I'm guessing you went with a natural impregnation?
Chris responded:
Depends, is it natural when my own essence was squirted into myself with s syringe or a turkey baster?
Kenneth was also confused:
So let me see if I got it: Chris Chan Sonichu is now a female in her Sonichu form and she is impregnated by Magi-Chan. She laid an egg and from that egg hatched twins.
Rowan made a correction:
No, Magi-Chan is not the father. Chris-Chan's human form is the father.
Chris confirmed:
That is right.
He later added:
On further thought, I might go with Chrissy-Chan Rosechu for an alternative name for my updated form.
The Mailbag Returns
On 22 May, Chris shared a BBC video featuring a Q&A with transgendered folk. He couldn't resist adding his own wisdom:
23 May 2015
To answer these questions myself, I really agree with what these people said, but in my own words:
-When did you decide to be Transgender?
It is Not really a decision; my feminine soul has always been inside and right in front of me throughout my whole life. The better question would be, when did the reality smack you to realize your true internal, gender identity? LOL
-Which bathroom do you use?
Gender neutral restrooms are good. But damned either way; I am using the restroom of My choice, and I exercise my Rights to the facility that better suits Me. On that, I really hate the Urinals; not only unsanitary on the splash back, but Lack of better privacy! Ugh!
-Have you had the op?
No, but I am considering it for in the future. If I can afford it. But not big a hurry; less than 20% of transgenders have their ops. And I am exploring making the best of this body for Any Woman born with a vagina.
-How do you have sex?
Like most anyone; traditional and lesbian; my mind is open to the preferences of my partner(s) during the time. But not for the voyers; keep out.
-Are you a drag queen?/Difference between (trans) vestite and gender?
I'd go on stage and perform; I am very comfortable in my feminine wardrobe. But I AM a transgender; I totally and truly identify as the woman and lesbian soul I have been. The transvestites, gays enjoying the dresses and skirts with male mindsets. I do not judge, but I do set myself apart as an individual.
-Are you sure you're not just gay?
I am One Hundred Percent Positive that I am fully into Women, and I feel most at ease around them in good Friendship. With the Drag Queens, I am good with being in good friendship as well, as long as we have mutual respects of our respective preferences. They can have their men, I will most enjoy the company of the women, gal pals, girl friends (with or without benefits, and my sweetheart to come from one of them or whatever.
-Do I call you he, she, them?
Get the clue from our individual attire and self-presentations. If you were mistaken, it is alright. There is no shame or embarrassment in asking; it shows respect from you, and we all appreciate the respect very much.
-Would you ever go back?
NO. I felt depressed with being male; it was just not me. Plus, it is like that phrase, "Once you go black, you can't go back." I will Not ever deny any of my past; it built and strengthened me and my character as a person and individual.
-Can I see a photo (of how you looked before)?
Sure! No denial or hiding there. Google my name; Lots of my older photos on the freaking Internet.
-I can tell...
Whatever. You are not the "boss" of me. Go pick on one of your Bully friends. Then, you might actually get punched in the jaw in response. I do what makes me happy, or at least feel better.
-Can I feel your boobs?
Maybe, but it would depend on my mood and situation at the face-to-face, in person, time. My lower privates are off limits, without my own consent.
Have a good and safe day.
Manboob Tunes
23 May 2015
Here is a most audio-sonic feeling. While at the club last night, the music was loud, maybe reverberating or echoing. The music and beats literally shook up my rack! I actually Felt the music playing and reverbing within my breasts, almost like my breasts had become a pair of speakers. It Felt Amazing and Arousing!
Has anyone else felt that in y'all's lifetime before? Also, science: explain it, please.
I would soo pick up a large pair of headphones and place them onto my hooters to feel it over and over again! Damn!
Vinyl, hit dat bass!
Memorial Day Reflections
24 May 2015
Watching the PBS special from DC with my family.
I also had rented and watched "American Sniper" a few days ago. It was a good and emotional film.
It also made me think of what Charles Schulz said through Lucy Van Pelt. "In all of man kind's history, there's never any worse damage done than by people who Thought they were doing the right thing."
Regardless of either country defending their communities and homes, or what reasons they had at the times, people, local and distant, still got hurt emotionally and mentally; deep.
We still thank all who stood up to make their home and community differences. I believe the means towards a better resolution could have been a lot less violent, and more heartfelt and reasonable.
And my mom and I still miss my father, Robert Franklin Chandler Jr., every day. He served in Souel Korea, stationed at the Signal Corp. He made Korean friends during his time there as well.
Happy Memorial Day.
Note that he never specifies the PBS special he watched.
Riots and Catastrophes
In a post on the My Little Pony Facebook page, someone used the name "Muffins" to refer to the pony usually referred to by "Derpy".
24 May 2015
I predict Riots and Catastrophes as horrific as Sonic's arm colour change if we hear at any point in the TV Show, ANYPONY repeatedly calling Ditzy Doo, Derpy or Bubbly Mare, Muffins!
Don't call a Pony a name based on what she might like to eat! Especially when on more than Three Occasions before, she Had Already Been Named! UGH!!!
Reading Faces
In a reply to someone's artwork on the page "Derpy Hooves and Friends - Friendship is Muffins," Chris asked:
24 May 2015
What does that facial expression mean?
Neutral? Confused? Shocked?
Someone, Please tell me, because I do not know.
The Mysterious Lady
Chris took an internet survey to find an answer to the question, "What Kind of Lady Are You?" Chris got "The Mysterious Lady," which was summarized as:
You can sometimes be misunderstood but you are extremely lovable and fascinating inside. You are sincere in the most genuine way possible and that is absolutely refreshing. The only ones who get to miss out on you are those who judge a book by its cover. But those who have the courage to see what's in your heart, will discover a world they'll forever be enamored by.
This resonated with Chris:
25 May 2015
Hell YES!!!
Another Quiz
A few days later, Chris took another internet quiz, "What type of person are you most attracted to?" Chris shared his results:
30 May 2015
I got the Kind Soul. :)
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=May_2015_Facebook_posts&oldid=229974"