Title: Medallions
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Medallion_of_Fail
Categories: Pages with fan videos, Articles of the Now, Arts and Crafts, Relics of Fail, Things Chris likes, Things Chris has had Sex with
================================================================================

Chris's recent failings have helped CWCki gather more information for this article. Be a winner by adding this information in.
This new information can be found from the following sources:
• Breaking the Veil
“
And we're rubbing each others sides and backs with our hands, our mouths are busy, and after a moment, you take off your blouse, and I take off my shirt, optionally with the medallion on
”
Chris, describing his sex fantasy to PandaHalo[1]
“
Never retiring the medallion, Ever.
”
Chris, February 2020[2]
In 2004
...and two decades later
Oh yes, he fucking did.
Top to bottom: The Good, the Bad, the Ugly. Left to right: The decoy Sonichu medallion, the Jiggliami medallion, the Rosechu medallion, and the Blake medallion.
The Medallions (also called "Medals" by Chris) were a result of Chris's infatuation with his original character Sonichu. The most iconic of these medallions is the Sonichu Medallion, which Chris is almost always seen wearing during the Classic Era. Due to the frequency of wearing his medallions in videos, photos and in public, it has become one of his more memorable characteristics along with his trademark striped shirt.[3][4][5][6] Although Chris's habit of wearing the medallion at fluctuated over the years, he still wears the medallion in public. He does not plan ever to retire it, despite its degrading condition.[7]
Over the years, Chris has produced numerous medallions of his Electric Hedgehog Pokémon characters and previously produced them in larger numbers for purchase through eBay. All previous and current iterations have been made from Crayola fuckin' Model Magic and acrylic paint, and the quality varies from medallion to medallion.
In 2016, Chris made a custom doll figure of himself, based on a My Little Pony toy. He has been seen holding it up in videos and taking it out in public (visible from his purse), which suggests that the doll is a new spin on the medallion concept. More recently, Chris has often been seen wearing the medallion alongside his unicorn cosplay and Z-Ring, most notably in a photo of him at Cville Pride published in the local newspaper Daily Progress in September 2017. In December 2020, Praetor began mass producing and selling Sonichu medallions and giving Chris a cut in exchange.
Contents
1 Origins and purpose
2 Sonichu Medallion Versions
2.1 Prototype
2.2 Mark I (and decoy)
2.3 Mark II
2.4 Mark III
2.5 Temporary post-jail substitute
2.6 Mark IV
2.7 Magical Versions
2.7.1 Sonichite
2.7.2 Magic stones
3 Other Medallions
3.1 Rosechu medallion
3.2 Black Sonichu medallion
3.3 Jiggliami medallion
3.4 Asperchu Medallion
3.5 Snoop Dogg Medallion
3.6 Lukas Sonichu Medallion
3.7 NightVee Medallion
3.8 Shrek Medallion
3.9 OfficialCWCmart medallions
4 Obtaining medallions
4.1 Medallions obtained by Blanca Weiss
4.2 Destroyed by Chris
4.3 Destroyed in the 14BC Fire
5 Hiatus and the return
6 The medallion goes mass-market
6.1 Overview
6.2 eBay Description
6.3 eBay Questions and Answers
6.4 Etsy Questions and Answers
6.5 Facebook Notices
6.6 The Mr. Smith Incident
6.7 The Received Medallions
7 Third-party medallions
8 Knockoff medallions
9 See also
10 Sources
Origins and purpose
Though Chris previously could not recall when he first made the medallion, in August 2009, Chris finally recalled the origins of the medallion.
“
Then Late 2000, I bought some Crayola Model Magic Clay, and I molded and crafted the First Original Sonichu Medallion that I wore around my neck with a makeshift chain (which I later replaced with a better necklace I bought from Pacific Sunwear at my Mall). Sadly, the First Original was mistrusted with a feindish individual in 2008, I recrafted the Medal and continued on (The Necklace Still Holds ALL the History of the Medallions). THERE IS CURRENTLY ONLY ONE Original, True Sonichu Medallion, and it is NOT MADE FROM PAPER cheaply, NOT MANUFACTURED IN A FACTORY from Plastic or Metal (yet); IT IS MADE FROM CRAYOLA MODLE MAGIC CLAY, with my Permanent Ink Signature, Copyright Note, Circle of Originality, and Two Custom Shrinkie-Dink Charms of Sonichu and an S-Chu Ball.
”
Chris, on the CWCipedia[8]
The earliest known photo of Chris with the medallion, from 24 February 2004, Chris's 22nd birthday. The medallion is in profile, with Shrinky Dinks hanging from its chain.
Like anything else Chris holds dear, it also comes in card form.
Although not explicitly stated as inspiration, the Medallion of Fail is similar in concept to the medallions worn by the main characters in Sonic Underground, which originally aired a year beforehand.
Despite being allegedly created in late 2000, the earliest known photograph of Chris wearing a Sonichu medallion is from his twenty-second birthday, 24 February 2004. In his "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" video (20 December 2004) he feels it necessary to explain what it is, suggesting that it is still a relatively new feature.
In a Mumble chat on 10 February 2009, Chris revealed the reason for the medallion and that is... because he wanted to. It's "like a nametag" for him.[9] In one of his ED edits, Chris says that his medallion "identifies him for the high-funcioning [sic] Autistic individual that he is."[10] And man, it sure does. It has also been speculated there could be other reasons for wearing his medallion, which range from simply thinking Sonichu is SERIOUS BUSINESS, to being a portable anchor in our dangerous real world to CWCville, his own happy world where he's always the hero who saves the day.
Chris wrote on his MySpace profile in 2008 that he considers the medallion a signifier which makes him "Very Easy to find in public"[11], suggesting that he may use the medallion as a kind of mobile attraction sign: a conversation piece to invite potential sweethearts to ask about Sonichu, giving Chris an excuse to launch into a tirade about his famous creation which has made him beloved across the world.
Chris is somewhat aware that the medallions make him look like a crazy person: he reassured Kacey that he didn't wear one to his job interview at Target (of course, this interview almost certainly did not take place, but Chris was at least aware that wearing a yellow hedgehog's head around your neck is not socially normal).[12]
Each medallion is constructed from Crayola Fuckin' Model Magic, a non-toxic, easy-to-use modeling clay intended for small children. Chris wedges a keyring into the edge of each medallion, from which he can attach a chain to go around his neck. Sometimes he wears a Wilson wristband on top of it because, being autistic, he most likely has sensory defensiveness, which might render the sensation of the chain's links uncomfortable. Medallions are painted with acrylic paint in the color schemes of the characters they represent, with copyright information scrawled on the back. Additional detailing varies, but Chris is known to have applied Shrinky Dink charms to certain medallions as a form of authentication, to prevent counterfeiting.
Sonichu Medallion Versions
Yes, he even wore it to his college graduation...
Before Blanca, it was believed that the Medallion of Fail would corrupt its possessor, turning him into an autistic manchild with a poor taste in fashion.
Chris's primary medal is his Sonichu medallion, which he has frequently worn for most of his adult life, aside from a good chunk of the time between 2010 and 2017 where he wore it more sparingly. Chris has worn this pretty consistently since then, usually alongside a necklace adorned with magic stones befitting of his pseudo-religious beliefs.
This medallion, of course, depicts Sonichu. Within the canon of Chris's Sonichu comics, the medallion is the source of the Anchuent Powers that allow Chris to assume his Electric Hedgehog alter ego, Chris-chan Sonichu.
As Chris explained to Shigeru Miyamoto in his business proposal, his medallion gives him no special powers in real life.
Chris has repeatedly claimed that, in order for a video to be TRUE and HONEST, it requires him to wear the medallion during its filming. In this manner, he attempted to cast doubt on the videos he posted confessing his homosexuality, since he was not wearing his medallion in that footage.
Prototype
“
He was also wearing a makeshift necklace that has a large plastic medallion in the shape of a Pokeman [sic] characters [sic] head. He also had a number of shrinky dink decorations attached to this necklace.
”
Psychiatrist describing the prototype Medallion of Fail.[13]
Earliest known version of the medallion.
Computer rendering. This required over 9,000 hours in MS Paint, as well as an associate's degree in CAD/CAM.
It appears that the very first medallion Chris created is the one seen to the right, which Chris was photographed wearing sporadically in 2004. The existence of this medallion is attested in the first issue of Sonichu’s News Dash!, dated January 2004. The end of this News Dash issue features a personal ad about Chris, in which potential suitors are told where they can find Chris and how they can recognize him: "he can be found around Piedmont Virginia Community College, or Fashion Square Shopping Center [...] To find Christian, he’ll be wearing the Sonichu Medallion."[14] Chris wore this medallion in May 2004, when he brought it with him to the Anime Mid-Atlantic convention that year. He would also wear this medallion later in the year, when he received a psychiatric survey.
This medallion's design is definitely cruder than the others, with a pale yellow hue suggesting Chris was still learning how to properly apply color in this medium. This version is always seen on a metal chain, accompanied by Shrinky Dinks of a "CWC" logo, Sonichu, Rosechu and the Chaotic Combo.
Mark I (and decoy)
Spoiler: He even wears it in his sex fantasies.
The decoy medallion.
The SPECIAL SYMBOLS to identify the TRUE and HONEST medallion.
Chris's supposed reaction to the destruction of his medallion (artist's depiction).
By June 2005 Chris had begun to wear what appeared to have been a new medallion. While Chris has claimed that the Sonichu medallion he sent to Blanca was the very first one he made,[8] Mark 1 is clearly different from the prototype in that its tufts of fur on the sides of Sonichu's face were less pronounced and that it had a better paint job. There are no Shrinky Dinks to go with it, and instead of a chain, it hangs from some sort of beaded necklace. The appearance of this version in pictures and videos seems to correspond with the introduction of Chris's red-and-blue striped shirts. This may be the medallion he was wearing in the 20 Dec 2004 video. It is definitely the medallion he wore to the 2005 Anime Mid-Atlantic convention.
No one is sure how many medallions Chris wore between 2005 and 2008, but in all pictures, they appear roughly the same as this design. Sonichu's face has eyebrows in some photos and not in others, so either Chris was repainting the same medallion or making new ones. 4chan and ED are filled with high-functioning autistics who have pored over photographs identifying subtle differences in the medal's "ears" and "cheeks", without arriving at a consensus. For the sake of clarity, this article will assume that this was Chris's only medallion during this period.
In August 2008, an anonymous commentator on 4chan's /v/ board offered a story and photograph suggesting that he had met Chris in real life and tricked him into giving the medallion to him. However, anon aspies all immediately analyzed the details of dozens of pictures and determined the "stolen" medallion to be a forgery. This conclusion was reaffirmed when Chris himself decided to post a video announcing that the medallion had never been stolen, defiantly claiming that nobody would take it from him. He also denied it in the Christian Weston Chandler Interview.
Chris claimed to have made multiple Sonichu medallions and that he would sometimes wear these decoys to frustrate attempts to steal the one true medallion. It would remain unclear whether he was bluffing until October 2008, when a team of trolls posing as Blanca Weiss tricked him into sending all of his medallions to them. The package they received contained no fewer than two yellow Sonichu medals: one with the special markings identifying it as the "real" one, and another with no markings. It may be assumed that these were the only two medallions he owned at that time. Neither of them was the prototype, however, and that one's fate is unknown.
The troll holds up a bag with the burnt remains of the medallion
A video that showed the destruction of the medallion was eventually uploaded to YouTube. A troll (resembling the third Columbine shooter) cuts the medallion with a knife, exposes it to pickles, smashes it with a hammer, burns it with lighter fluid and pisses on the remains.
CHRIS CHAN SONICHU MEDALLION DESTROYED BY TROLLS REUPLOAD
Click to load content
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Chris responded by crashing into slumber. As for the decoy Sonichu medallion, it ultimately ended up in the possession of Encyclopedia Dramatica's former owner/webmaster, Girlvinyl.
Mark II
It identifies him for the high-functioning autistic individual that he is
After sending the medallions to Blanca, and being told by Blanca that trolls had stolen them from "her", Chris created a new Sonichu medallion with a slightly larger design. He posted a video explaining that Blanca had recovered the original one and sent it back to him, and that he had modified it. This new medallion boasted a special peg on the reverse side which could be used to hold Chris's high school ring, which somehow made it copy-protected.
Assuming Chris did not create any backup medallions, this is the same one he wore while posing in his mother's underwear at the request of trolls posing as Blanca. During this same exchange, he later ejaculated onto the medal. Shortly thereafter Chris posted a new video in which he is visibly not wearing the medallion. It's unclear if he replaced this soiled medallion or if he cleaned it; in either case, he was wearing it (or a similar duplicate) again by 27 October.
On 3 March 2009, Max coerced Chris into cutting his medallion into pieces and shoving those pieces up his rectum. The idea of Chris literally inserting these chunks of ceramic into his rectum (and therefore risking anorectal laceration, infection and sepsis) was highly controversial. Some have argued that he merely placed them between his buttcheeks (either in an attempt to deceive Max or out of ignorance of how to get them past his sphincter), but Chris himself has confirmed that he indeed inserted the shreds of the medallion into his ass and later on expelled them into the toilet.[15] Chris thinks that his father would "have another heart attack" if he knew the details.
Mark III
The first formal appearance of the Mark III medallion. It's like The Blair Witch Project, but only a few seconds long and the entire budget (and then some) spent on the crap on the background
Oh God, the taste...
Although Chris claimed that he was making a new medallion, he didn't wear any medal in his YouTube videos between the 3 March 2009 incident and his 1 July 2009 videos. During this period he argued that his high school ring may be accepted as a symbol of his truthiness. However, since this statement was made without the medallion, this was false and Chris disproved himself.
In photos released 17 April 2009 of Chris in some butt garments, the new medallion, Mark 3, is shown as Chris licks it in a sensuous fashion. The release of these images proved doubly hurtful for Chris, not only for showing him, a shell of a manchild, in diapers but even worse in that it confirmed that there is a new Medallion that can either be seized and/or shoved up his rectum.
Despite the fact that he had made a new medallion, Chris was for some time reluctant to wear it in his videos, allegedly out of the fear that trolls would start a new campaign to seize the medallion and/or shove it up his rectum.
On 22 May 2009 this medallion made a surprise cameo in Christian's newest video. During the update, the video randomly cuts to the medallion hanging from the ceiling, only to cut back to Chris seconds afterward, presumably to add extra validity to the statements made in Chris's video.
The 1 July 2009 videos mark the full return of the Medallion of Fail, as Chris wears the third medallion around his neck throughout both videos.
As of 2011, the medallion was hanging on his wall, as seen in the Re-Calling Ahuvia video.
For several months in 2014, it was speculated that this medallion was destroyed by the fire which broke out in Chris's house on 10 January 2014. However, photos from July 2014 confirmed that it was spared destruction.
According to a sighting, Chris allegedly accidentally dropped the medallion on the floor at The End Games in April 2017 and retrieved the pieces. However, photos of the medallion from before[16] and afterwards[17] show that it had survived the fall.
Chris with friend Midnight Moonflower, who he let wear the medallion.
The medallion, with numerous modifications made to it over the years (see Modified Medallion), has become increasingly discolored from late-2019 onward.
Chris inadvertently revealed the reason in a Discord comment:
“
Celestial Key, Chrysoberyl, Medallion, and Lemurian Seed go into the shower and bed with me as well And combined with my Larimar Stone, I've personally met and made allies with the Goddess of Lemuria.
”
Chris on his collection of magic stones.
As Crayola Model Magic and acrylic paint are both porous when hardened, while Chris showers with it on, the medallion absorbs grime such as soap scum and skin cells. The surface of the medallion has also become increasingly uneven and discolored over time due to frequent contact with hot water. Not helping matters, Chris also slept with it on.[18]
The medallion still used the necklace he had bought from PacSun around 15 years prior. In October 2020, the necklace wire broke while Chris was asleep, and he repaired it with new wiring and threaded the beads in "close to the same order" as before.[18]
Between Chris's 2021 arrest and the leak of a DM sent to Helena Fiorenza, it was believed that the medallion had been confiscated and thrown out by the authorities. This was, until the aforementioned DM leak, which included a photo of Chris wearing the medallion and brandishing a can of GFuel energy drink to the camera.
The fate of the Mark III medallion, destroyed by his father's hands.
On 14 September 2025, Chris would post a picture of a new medallion to Twitter.[19] Four days later however, he would upload a video of himself ripping the medallion into pieces by hand so that he could "mix" the remains inside of the new Mark IV medallion, then baking the pieces inside the clay, thus "upgrading," "rebirthing," and "redeeming" his medallion. Before being destroyed, a paint chip can be seen on the nose, suggesting the Mark III may have somehow been accidentally damaged prior, which could be a possible explanation for Chris's seemingly sudden urge to create a new medallion (other than him offhandedly saying that it has been "suggested" in the video).
The filthy medallion in February 2020.
In September 2023.
Temporary post-jail substitute
The medallion seen in the May Walmart sightings.
Following Chris's release from jail, observers noted that he had already resumed wearing his medallion in public; it quickly became clear that a new one had been made. The medallion Chris is wearing in the May 2023 Walmart sightings has a much wider nose than the previous Mark III medallion, along with a slightly different eye shape, having a more square shape overall, and being significantly cleaner. This temporary medallion was most likely made sometime in April 2023.
Chris was spotted again with the same medallion on 2 May 2023 at a Battleground game shop in Midlothian and on the 3rd, Chesterfield Towne Center. The medallion was omitted from the sightings of Chris is late May and June, most likely hidden under his shirt to keep a "lower" profile, and returned in the first July sighting.
Chris ditched this medallion, and resumed wearing the Mark III once he got it back some time around September 2023.
Mark IV
Front...
and back of the medallion.
Chris's brand new medallion.
Magical Versions
As Chris became more and more delusional, he started making horrific alterations to his medallions.
Sonichite
Modified to include elements from Sonichite and Neptunia.
Chris upgraded his medallion in June 2017 to include Sonichite, by placing a painted sticker on the back of it, channeling Pokémon's Mega Stone power-up item.
In January 2018, he altered it again, this time to include a Share Crystal, fashioned from a Purple Rupee he had bought at MAGfest.[20] Share Crystals are an integral part of Hyperdimension Neptunia's lore, representing faith in CPU goddesses and allowing them to recharge. Chris had made "Share your shares" a frequent rallying cry when he discovered the game.[21]
Magic stones
See also: Magic stones
An artist's interpretation
LoveYouLongTime noted that around summer 2019, Chris was wearing a pouch of rocks around his neck in addition to the medallion, believing the rocks to have mystical powers.[22]
“
Once he told me his neck hurts and when I told him it was probably because of his rocks he gave me the 1000 yard stare and I could tell his brain was malfunctioning for a response.
”
LoveYouLongTime
Chris later purchased a set of containers for the stones to hang alongside his medallion.
Magic stone on the back of the medallion.
Chris wearing his magic stones along with the medallion.
Damaged medallion in 2020.
Post-jail medallion in 2023.
Other Medallions
Rosechu medallion
A gift for his beloved sister-wife
Close-up
The Rosechu medallion is speculated to be the first one Chris fashioned after the Sonichu one. It was intended to be worn by Chris's future heartsweet, the one who would be his true love and bear him his God-called daughter. Chris has never been seen wearing it himself. It was sent with the others to Blanca in October 2008. Only one Rosechu medallion existed, until Chris started making them for sale.
The medallion was first revealed to the Internet in the pages of Sonichu #4, where Chris's imaginary twin sister Crystal was introduced wearing it. In the comics Crystal possesses the same anchuent powers as Chris and the Rosechu medallion therefore allows her to become Crystalina Rosechu. That a real Rosechu medal existed was not learned until later, when Chris revealed it to PandaHalo.
In case it hadn't occurred to you yet: Chris did, in real life, make a medal to be awarded to the future mother of his children, and in his fantasy world he has affixed this same medal to the twin sister he created to explore what he would be like if he'd been born female. Freud would doubtlessly have some choice words to say about this.
Black Sonichu medallion
For when he's too angry to just show his fangs.
Close-up
Although Black Sonichu (now Blake) seems to have originally served as an analogue for Wes Iseli,[23] Chris uses the Black Sonichu medallion to represent his own dark side, as he admitted himself.[24] The picture at the left speaks volumes about its significance; Chris seems to believe that if he scowls hard enough whilst wearing the evil medallion, then whoever he's angered at will be terrified into capitulation, such as when he wore it in a video aimed at Adam Stackhouse.
The Anchuent Prophecy in the comics foretells that the Black Sonichu medallion would be created as a dark reflection of the original, yellow Sonichu medallion Chris wears. Beginning with Sonichu #6, Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc began wearing the dark medal and acting as Christian's evil twin, following the urges Chris himself keeps bottled up inside him. Like Christian, Naitsirhc summons powers from his medallion to become Reldnahc Ha-Taque.
Naitsirhc's medallion notwithstanding, Black Sonichu's role as the symbol of pure evil has softened in recent years as Chris has allowed the character to soften and fall in love with Bubbles Rosechu. As such the actual Black Sonichu medallion was rarely seen until it was sent to Blanca in October 2008.
Jiggliami medallion
Baka Dana Watashi!
Back of the medallion.
Despite the purpose of the Rosechu medallion, Chris was so in love with Blanca that he created a brand-new medallion for her to wear based on Blanca's original character Jiggliami. This medallion was sent along with the others to Blanca in October 2008. Blanca was depicted wearing this medallion in Sonichu #7 and #8. It was sent to the now-former admin of the /cwc/ imageboard and currently resides in a holding facility somewhere in California.
It is the simplest of the medallions, being a plain circle with no three-dimensional pieces. Consequently, it's probably the least hideous of the medallions, as Chris has limited the number of ways he can fail by giving himself less work to do.
Asperchu Medallion
The Medallion of Win in all its glory.
In one video, Chris's mysterious friend is seen sporting an odd medallion. In another video a few days later, the medallion was confirmed to be one of Asperchu. In that video, Chris is pained to have the medallion around and hung it up on his wall. The medal still hung on Chris's wall until its destruction during the house fire of January 2014,[25] covered by the box Alec sent it in so Chris wouldn't get stressed by having to look at it. The box was seen hanging open in the Tomgirl Pictures: what this means is best not thought about. Chris wears the medallion while impersonating Alec Benson Leary in his video 100 2270.
According to Chris, it was crafted by Alec Benson Leary and given to Chris as a symbol of goodwill. In reality, it was created by one of Alec's fans who planned to mail it to him. Alec convinced him to send it to Chris instead, so he could wear it on video[26]
Snoop Dogg Medallion
A fan had asked Chris to create a Snoop Dogg medallion for him in 2016, which the fan took photos of and then later shared on reddit on 3 June 2022.[27] The certificate of authenticity shows that this was the 272th out of 300 medallions that Chris had been commissioned to make for customers between 2014 and 2016.
Lukas Sonichu Medallion
Lukas's photo of the medallion and accompanying drawing.
Lukas Simpkins received a custom medallion from Chris of Lukas's Sonichu form. Chris also gave a drawing of the form.
Lukas leaked a photo of both onto /cow/ in December 2018.[28]
NightVee Medallion
MKR's photo of the medallion from approximately January 2019.
Sometime in 2018/2019, MKRNightVee created a medallion of her OC, NightVee. In The Sons of the Miscreants Discord server, she uploaded a photo of it and claimed that Chris had requested her to create the medallion.[29]
However, three years later, MKRNightVee would make a different claim. On 9 February 2022, a CWCki editor got in contact with her. In a set of DMs between the editor and MKR,[30] MKR discussed the medallion, showing a cropped version of the same photo from years before and claiming that she "made to give it to Chris" and that she intended to give the medallion to Chris on his next birthday, commenting "but now this can never happen sadly."
The editor also obtained her permission for another CWCki editor, PsychoNerd054, to upload a photo of the NightVee medallion.
The February 2022 DM on the medallion is quoted below:
MKRNightVee: Nightvee medallion, I made to give it to Chris, I intended to give this with all the original art in a package for his next birthday
MKRNightVee: But now this can never happen sadly.
[redacted]: Can i screenshot this conservation?
[redacted]: No worries , i gonna names the names
MKRNightVee: Yes
Shrek Medallion
Front and back views of the medallion.
In an episode of YouTube series Angry Video Game Nerd, Grant Duffrin from the YouTube channel 3GI is seen wearing a Shrek medallion.[31] The medallion has Chris's signature from his time role-playing as Magi-Chan. It's likely that Grant either bought the medallion from Chris, or was given it as a gift after Chris's inclusion in Shrek Retold.
OfficialCWCmart medallions
Main article: OfficialCWCmart medallions
Obtaining medallions
Poor kitty...
Since the discovery of Chris on 4chan and Encyclopedia Dramatica, it had been understood among trolls that the Sonichu medallion was Chris's most cherished possession and that he would cry like a bitch if it were ever taken from him, making its capture a prime objective. This proved only partially true when it was inevitably stolen. Chris does not seem to have a special attachment to any one particular medallion, but merely the requirement that he must wear one at all times. Further, all successful efforts to eliminate the medallions have resulted in relatively little outrage; Chris is always more concerned with his Internet girlfriends being fake than he is over losing his property because of them. Currently, there are at least two medallions that have not been obtained by trolls, shoved up Chris's ass, or otherwise destroyed.
Medallions obtained by Blanca Weiss
Sonichu Mark I
Sonichu Decoy
Rosechu
Black Sonichu
Jiggliami
Destroyed by Chris
Sonichu II
(under duress)
Sonichu III (used in creation of the Mark IV)
Destroyed in the 14BC Fire
Asperchu
Hiatus and the return
Old habits die hard.
Chris began to move away from his medallions in 2010. He wore one on 6 September 2010 in Haters gonna hate.mov, and again in a photo dated 11 November 2010 (leaked on 13 May 2012). After that, Chris was not photographed wearing the medallion in either public or private settings for nearly four years. This abandonment coincided with his adoption of Tomgirl attire; the medallion apparently did not fit his new image, though he eventually returned to wearing it.
Even while Chris had given up wearing the medallion, it still constituted an important part of his identity. In November 2012, Chris made a Kreo (off-brand Lego sets made by Hasbro) edition of himself wearing a tiny paper medallion for his Facebook image, suggesting that Chris hadn't totally given up on Sonichu. The figure showed up again on his Facebook page in mid-2014, this time with a female friend (soon to be revealed as a new sweetheart) wearing a Rosechu medallion.
In July 2014, Chris sold several autographed photos of himself on eBay, and some buyers requested that he wear the Sonichu medallion. As noted previously in this article, it was speculated that the third Sonichu medallion had been consumed by the fire which broke out in his house on 10 January 2014. The photos which they received confirmed that the Sonichu v.3 medallion had indeed survived the fire,[32][33] but Chris later confirmed that the Asperchu medallion had been destroyed in the flames.[34]
In October 2015, Chris was spotted in public, at The End Games card shop, wearing the Medallion. He was also wearing it at Cville Pride a year later. Interestingly, Chris seems to now exclusively wear the medallion in public, despite no longer wearing it in his videos. This trend lends credence to Chris's previous statement that he wears the medallion so that friends and well-wishers can identify him in public[11].
To promote his $12,000 eBay auction for The Classic in April 2017, Chris donned the medallion on video once more in Live Game Stream - C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt. He wore it to events that year, such as UVA Remembers Pulse and BronyCon.
Medallion confiscated.
In August 2021, when Chris was arrested for incest, the officers asked Chris if he wanted to take off his necklaces before he went to jail. Chris said he was willing to remove his other accessories, but not the medallion, saying "I really, really need the medallion," and likening it to "[his] cross." The officers warned Chris that he may not be able to keep it at jail anyway, meaning they may have discriminated against Chris's constitutional right of freedom of religion.
A few weeks after being released from jail in early 2023, when Chris was noticed in public for the first time, he was already seen wearing a new temporary medallion, one that he must have crafted during his stay at Gateway Homes. In September 2023, Chris would send a new picture of himself wearing his previous medallion to Helena, teasing his official return. The medallion would be seen in almost every video Chris has made since his return in October 2023, though he seemingly switches at random between wearing it proudly and hiding it beneath his shirt when in public. So far, Chris has not been seen wearing the medallion when he is in Finland, but it is probably unlikely that he didn't at least take it with him.
Appearance from 11 November 2010.
YOUR MEDAL IS MADE OUT OF PAPER!
In 2016.
In 2017.
Barb and Chris in March 2018, the former wearing the $400 gold necklace and the latter the medallion.
In 2023.
In 2024.
The medallion goes mass-market
The medallion's return in 2014.
Medallion blueprint
Overview
On 12 September 2014, Chris announced on his Facebook page that he would be making and selling replica medallions on eBay for $30 each. He expressed a willingness to make not only Sonichu and Rosechu medals, but also "most any of the rest of the characters, or a custom of your choosing." His first listing of 55 sold out quickly, and he was forced to relist it. By the time sales were temporarily halted on December 6, he had succeeded in selling at least 114. He re-listed 30 medallions in February 2015, and these too quickly sold out. In June 2015, 16 more medallions appeared on his eBay account, also selling out within a day. Photos indicated that he had extended the run of medallions to 300. In July he sold a few medallion/Amiibo bundle sets, and in August listed 20 more standalone medallions. Chris likely used a stencil to shape pieces of CRAYOLA FUCKIN' MODEL MAGIC into the medallion, as evidenced by the scuff marks on the "blueprints". Aside from use as a stencil, it has no other purposes without labels or measurements.
eBay Description
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh molded, coloured and certified medallion of Sonichu, Rosechu, most any of the rest of the characters, or a custom of your choosing. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs if each medallion. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included and a medallion will be attached to its back. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist.
**Disclaimer: When ordering a medallion, or more than one, please specify which you would like: Sonichu or Rosechu. A medallion of the other cannon main characters may be requested for your purchase. Your own fan Sonichu or Rosechu character(s) version may also be requested and suggested. Should I find the suggested outside character offensive, I shall inform you and accept another suggestion or default to the Prime Sonichu or Rosechu character(s) for your order; I am usually easy on accepting of custom requests at first. The rings inserted into the medallions are smaller than a typical keychain ring. And the necklace for them will be set-length blue leather straps, tied at the ring, for best fit around most head and neck sizes. The flower on the photographed Rosechu medallion is not included by default; if you would like a flower added onto your Rosechu medallion, you may request it in your message at the time of, or following, your purchase. Also, please allow up to two weeks for creation of each medallion, and should any delays come up, I will inform you via eBay Private Message Individually, or make a public post on my Facebook page. And Final individual molding creation may or will vary or differ from those in the above photographs.
**Take Heart and UNDERSTAND!!! There will NOT be ANY altercations made to the medallions AT ALL. The medallion(s) WILL be mailed via USPS First Class and Expedited with Delivery Confirmation and a Tracking Number and marked "Fragile; Handle With Care". I have NO obligation to make any personal appearances upon my own personal risk.
For the July 2015 relisting, he added the following paragraph to this description. He did not, however, alter the description to reflect his supposed name change to Christine.
**NOTE, July 7, 2015: I have already molded, painted, certified and boxed individually, Sonichu Medallions equal to the maximum quantity available that I have listed right here, right now. So, everyone who requests Sonichu will get their shipped as early as the following day.
Custom Orders are still an option, as described in the description, but still Please Allow up to Two Weeks for individual creation and shipment.
Thank you.
Chris posted images of Sonichu and Rosechu medallion samples and the manufacturing components.
eBay Questions and Answers
Hi Christian! I have bought an ALF drawing from you and I want to know if I can have a medallion made for a Christmas present. Are you able to do one of Mega Man? Or of Alpha 5 from the Power Rangers? Please let me know!
Yes, I can do both medals like that.
Hey there, I'm still trying to figure out which medallion I might want, but I was wondering if maybe it would be possible to request a Magi-chan or Punchy medallion? Or maybe since Halloween is coming up, is a Vamprosa possible as well? I would love that! Thanks in advance!!
Yes, any of those characters are most doable.
Is this a limited edition offer? Are the medallions engraves with serial numbers? Also i'm curious as to what quantity you can produce. I'm interested in purchasing whole sale and was wondering if you can produce 200 units which would be sold in my business.
Well, the numbers are written/engraved in the back of each medallion, and they each come with a personal matching Certificate of Authenticity. I personally hand craft the medallions with heart and soul. To make an order as large as 200, I would definitely require the total amount of $30 X 200 medals, upfront and sent to my PayPal account, which the email address to which can be found upon checking out from one of my listings, along with an email or eBay PM to inform me of such a large order.
Hello. The original medallions that you wore were made using Crayola Model Magic and acrylic paint. Are you using the same materials to make these nice items? Have a pleasant day.
Yes, I am using the same, but fresh, materials.
Is the item autographed with either marker or an engraving?
Permanent Ink Marker, and the Certificate will also have my personal Signature written onto it as well, but in RSVP Pentel Pen Ink.
How big are these Medallions and how much do they weigh? I don't want to risk getting weird stares while I wear it if it's too bulky.
Weight: feels like a few ounces; definitely less than a pound.
You say give you two weeks to make and ship our order. Does it really take you two weeks to make these? Or is this just an estimate? Also, how big are these, on average? I would like to wear mine all over, but if it's too [text missing]
Two weeks is an estimate, counting the time it would take to make a lot of them, depending on the total ordered quantity. They measure 3.5 inches X 3.5 inches square, and are a quarter inch thick, plus another quarter inch [text missing]
Can we request medallions of minor characters?
Yes
Is it made out of Crayola Model Magic?
Yes.
Etsy Questions and Answers
A fan's particular requests for custom medallions in September 2015 required a brief conversation:
What is Robee's girlfriend's name and how did she meet her?
Chris replied:
That is still yet to be determined.
Im asking cuz I wanna order 4 custom medallions.
1 Of me
1 of Trunks from Dragonball GT (not Z or Super)
1 Of Robee
and
1 of Robee's girlfriend
itd be good to have a name and history to go with the face.
its not Mimi is it?
It is definitely not Mimi. I will get back to you on Robee's sweetheart. And I can definitely fill that custom medallion order set you described. I will have your last order shipped out very soon. Thank you for your continued patronage.
You're welcome! Does Robee have autism? What kind of stuff does she like to do in her spare time?
Robee is Not autistic. In her spare time, she likes to be active, rather it's going out for a run, trying to meet the speed to make her own Zapping Booms (like her daddy), mingling and hanging out with her girl friends (her sweetheart is part of that friendship circle). Or spending time alone with her sweetheart, sharing secrets, having fun, and the private matters. She, Robee's Sweetheart, really enjoys the best of both the tribbing, the traditional, and the other things. Robee also enjoy playing the Wii Sports and Sonic/Mario Olympic games, writing out her thoughts in her diary, and self-reflecting and meditate. She is no stranger to a party either.
Does Robee turn into Ultra Sonichu or a woman scorned like Rosechu? Also, what Robee's reason behind becoming a tomgirl?
She is a Female Soul trapped in a male body, and she really likes doing nearly everything with style, flare, and functional-to-her dashin' fashion.
Sonichu sampler.
Facebook Notices
As with other aspects of his eBay business, Chris frequently made relevant announcements on his Facebook page. The initial notice:
12 September 2014
I am starting on making the medals for sale. I have the materials to make them now.
Chris described the production process in detail in order to justify the two weeks he required to ship a medallion:
25(?) September 2014
I would like to announce that I am most grateful for y'all's business on the Medallions. And such.
Also, just to let everyone know Why I estimate Two Weeks for creation of a medal or more....
First, I have to be in the mood and mindset for creation as best as I am able, or otherwise not busy with life details or chores and errands. Then I have to Mold them according to my own specifications, including being able to fit into the 3.5" square boxes with cotton puddings per box. Then they all have to air dry overnight. Then I paint the details, let that dry, and then use a permanent Ink find point marker to hand write my signature, (c), and production number. Followed by measuring the lengths of the neck straps from the longer leather strips, thread them through the rings of each medal as tie the two ends together. Then I print or photocopy the small square blank certificates, fill them each appropriately with their respective medal, and then laminate the certificates. And then there's the package wrapping, addressing And shipping them out at my local USPS Post Office. Around then, I would add the tracking numbers respectively as well.
And with that, I am making my promise now that from the first week's order amount if over thirty medals, I will have them all ready to ship, and ship them all on Friday the 27th!
Thank you all for your patronage and your patience. Have a good and safe day.
Chris was happy when the first run of the medallions sold out.
1 October 2014
My, My! The Medallion Listing ended with the last quantity number sold. No worries, people, I will have it relisted ASAP, when eBay refreshes my monthly Listing Allowance.
In the meantime, everyone can still get a Medallion for Free with purchase of a Framed Piece, Commission with the Works, and a Colored Commission. And I will now offer a Two-For-One Special through the B&W Listing; Free Medal with Purchase of a B&W Commission, and y'all may request a Medallion in lieu of a Commission Drawing. That is like buying Two Medallions for 1 2/3 of the total price.
I will extend the offer until when I am able to Relist the Medallions. I sincerely apologize for any inconveniences, and I thank you all for your understanding and patience.
The Mr. Smith Incident
Main article: Mr. Smith
Mr. Smith is an eBay customer who had a quarrel with Chris.
The Received Medallions
Recipients noted that the medallions were surprisingly lightweight. A number had parts broken off; Chris routinely included a note that these could be fixed with Krazy Glue. This note was hand-written at first, but eventually he created a typed version, complete with misspelling. Another common problem was that Chris placed medallions in boxes while they were still wet or before the clay had set, resulting in smearing and fading. Some had fingerprints, or arrived with disturbing foreign materials. In 2015, he began signing his name as "Christine," but was too lazy to print up new certificates to reflect the name change.
Gallery of medallions, thus far
Number 12, box.
Number 12, box.
Number 12, box.
Number 12, Yawning Squirtle.
Number 12, back.
Chris's lack of knot tying know-how is evident.
Number 13, box.
Number 13, box.
Number 13, front.
Number 13, back.
Number 19, EVIL BOX.
Number 19, Mr. Smith's medallion.
Number 19, smeared certificate.
Number 23. Recipient said the nose fell off and the signature was illegible.
Number 25, elegantly displayed.
Number 25, close-up.
Number 27.
Number 27, certificate.
Number 34.
Number 35.
Number 38.
Number 41.
Number 41, back.
Number 41, certificate.
Number 41, "Care and Maintainence".
Number 41, Chris is not very prompt (note the a-loggish comment).
Number 41's satisfied customer.
Number 46, box.
Number 46.
Number 46, back.
Number 59.
Number 59, back. Note the smearing.
Number 59, certificate.
Number 60, box.
Number 60, box.
Number 60, the complete package.
Number 60, close-up.
Number 60, another picture.
Number 60, yet another view.
Number 60, certificate.
Number 61, box.
Number 61, box.
Number 61, as packaged. Recipient said it smelled bad.
Number 61, Wild Sonichu.
Number 61, back. Typical smearing.
Number 61, certificate, with paint smears.
Number 61, "Care and Maintainence".
Number 61, fingerprints.
Number 61, hair.
Number 62, box.
Number 62 with certificate.
Number 62's satisfied customer.
Numbers 64 and 65.
Numbers 64 and 65, back.
Number 66, certificate.
Number 66.
Number 68, Wild Sonichu.
Number 69, box.
Number 69. Box had "strange brownish stains" on it.
Number 69, Robbie Sonichu.
Number 69, back.
Number 69, the complete package.
Number 69. The nose fell off.
Number 69. Recipient identified this as "a booger attached to a lock of hair" found inside the box.
Number 70. The recipient requested that Chris sign it.
Number 72, box.
Number 72. "(Yu-Gi-Oh) Yuya's Pendant".
Number 72. The recipient gave Chris five options; this is the one he chose.
Number 72, artist's signature.
Number 72. "Yuya's Pendant".
Number 73.
Number 73, close-up.
Number 73, certificate.
Number 73. The nose fell off this one too.
Number 76, Megagi La Skunk.
Number 76, close-up.
Number 76, back.
Number 76, certificate.
Number 76 on display.
Number 78, box.
Number 78, box.
Number 78.
Number 79, box.
Number 79. Plusa, the recipient's Sonichu original character.
Numbers 78 & 79, certificates.
Number 80, Chris-chan Sonichu.
Number 83, box.
Number 83, "Red" Sonichu, apparently another original character.
Number 83, back.
Number 85.
Number 86, box.
Number 86, opening the box.
Number 86, box.
Number 86. The ears were broken.
Number 86, certificate and ears.
Number 86, back.
Number 86, more questionable knotting.
Number 89, listed for 15,000 dollars on Ebay by the user demiyan.[35]
Number 89, back.
Number 89, side.
Number 89, top.
Number 114, box.
Number 114, mailing address.
Number 114. "Please Leave Positive Feedback."
Number 114, certificate.
Number 114, Rosechu.
Number 114, with METAL.
Number 123.
Number 126.
Number 139.
Number 139 being utilized.
Number 139, certificate.
Number 139, signed as "Christine."
Number 140, package.
Number 140, box.
Number 140.
Number 140, another view.
Number 140, back.
Number 140, certificate.
Number 140, with real art.
Illustration included with 140 to make up for international shipping.
Number 147, box.
Number 147, certificate.
Number 147, Sammy.
Number 147, another view.
Number 147, back.
Number 152, with pickles.
Number 152, back.
Number 152, certificate.
Number 178, owned by "Kinisis Gaming."
Number 181, from someone named "Dcencia."
Number 182, Asperchu from someone named "Jeatz Axl."
Number 186.
Number 186, as it arrived in its box.
Number 186, another view.
Number 186, box.
Number 186, certificate.
Number 192.
Number 192, back.
Number 192, box and certificate.
Number 192, instructions. Lots of hair.
Number 207, Magi-Chan Sonichu owned by "Dcencia."
Number 208, Chris-Chan Sonichu owned by "Dcencia."
Number 209, the Hitler Medallion.
Number 209, back.
Number 209, box and certificate.
Number 235, bought by Edmund McMillen.
Unknown number, Sonichu.
Certificate for previous medallion.
Box for previous.
Box for previous.
Unknown number, posted on Instagram.
Another Sonichu from someone named "Jojoswoon."
Medallion belonging to Internet animator OneyNG,[36] co-creator of Hellbenders and friend of Spazkid.
Twitter user "divintrial" with his medallion.
Cosplayer with authentic medallion.
Presumably the same cosplayer having a blast.
He can feel the cosmos.
A happy owner of 251. Couldn't ask for a better birthday gift.
Medallion 254. This one had hair in it.
A few purchasers included videos:
Number 25: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPfpZ6v5JK0
Number 178: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dFXTUFM3RI
Number 199: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP5HANhgZaU&feature=youtu.be
Number 235 (purchased by Edmund McMillen): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4y-bbnYqZ8
Third-party medallions
Around October 2017, Chris said that he wanted to have people produce medallions for his Sonichu merchandise business.[37] In CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making, he demonstrated how to create a medallion. However, these plans fizzled with no takers.
The awful third party Praetor Medallion
In December 2020, Praetor began selling their own versions of the medallion on OfficialCWCmart. In exchange for using his Sonichu brand, they paid Chris a cut of sales.[38][39] These particular medallions somehow managed to look even worse than Chris's handiwork.[40] Regardless of shitty quality, the medallions sold out quickly- over 150 units were sold and dozens of glowing reviews were garnered.[41] The original run was followed by a "golden" variant which offered access to the Golden Church of Sonichu Discord server.[42] Later, medallions were sold which were claimed to be made by Chris.[43]
Knockoff medallions
A booth at Fan Expo Dallas selling knockoff medallions
Some carpetbaggers have exploited Chris's infamy for themselves by selling their own medallions of Sonichu without Chris's approval. In one instance, Chris has criticized Geno Samuel's knockoff product in a Twitter reply.[44]
See also
Amnyfest Ring, another source of Chris's power
Christine Doll
Sources
↑ Chris_Sex_Logs#Two_Front_Teeth
↑ February 2020 social media posts
↑ The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog
↑ "CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!"
↑ An Official Sonichu Update
↑ Chris Chan Update 9 October 2008
↑ Chris rebuffs suggestion to replace medallion, 15 February 2020
↑ 8.0 8.1 CWCipedia on Sonichu
↑ Mumble #6
↑ [1] Chris ED edit, Revision as of 07:28, 10 November 2007
↑ 11.0 11.1 "I am Very Easy to find in public; I usually wear my Sonichu Medallion." MySpace#July 2008
↑ Kacey Call 21
↑ Autism_papers#MENTAL_STATUS_EXAM
↑ Sonichu’s News Dash! Premere Issue #1
January, 2004
↑ Jackie E-mails 6
↑ File:Chris with medallion - July 2014.jpg
↑ File:Chris posing with S-chu Ball, Nov 2017.jpg
↑ 18.0 18.1 The Place chats (October 2020)#Medallion, Burger King, and the Merge
↑ September 2025 social media posts#Sonichu medallions are NOT cursed
↑ January 2018 tweets
↑ November 2017 Facebook posts
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (LoveYouLongTime)#Neck Pain From Rocks
↑ As seen in Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares - File:433-CWCSNHP9.jpg
↑ IRC (16 October 2008)
↑ August 2014 Facebook Posts#Fan items lost in the fire
↑ Alec Q&A
↑ [2]
↑ File:Screenshot-8ch.net-2018.12.29-19-21-47.png
↑ The Sons of the Miscreants chats#NightVee Medallion
↑ File:MedallionDM1.jpg
↑ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJAKd4hg_m0 At the 12 minute mark
↑ File:Received_autographed_photos_-_5_Jul_2014.jpg
↑ File:Chris with medallion - July 2014.jpg
↑ 2 August 2014 Facebook post.
↑ The listing (archive)
↑ Twitter
↑ CLog Special - PATREON & MORE
↑ December 2020 social media posts#Praetor sells medallions
↑ The Place chats (January 2021)#Cash from Praetor
↑ OfficialCWCmart#Official Chris Chan Sonichu Medallion (1st Run)
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/904683630/official-chris-chan-sonichu-medallion
↑ OfficialCWCmart#Golden Church of Sonichu Medallion (1st Run)
↑ Sonichu Medallion, Handmade by CWC (1st run)
↑ December 2023 social media posts#Criticizing Geno's medallion product
v • d • e
Relics of Fail
Identity
Business card • Classic Shirt • Medallions • Amnyfest Ring • "CWC on TV" DVD • Son-Chu • Christine Doll • Skylanders avatar • Love is Love comic • Magic stones • Goddess Log • Jail Letter Gifts
Love Quest
Attraction Sign ♥️ Red String of Fate ♥️ Heart Torch ♥️ Plush boobs ♥️ Sailor Moon poster ♥️ Naru
Transgender
Muscle bra •
Un-clit •  Frozen semen samples •  Negligee
Toys
Commodore 64 • PlayStation consoles (PS Move •  PSEye) •  Wii Remote of Fail • Pokéwalker •  Li'l Chris •  Gitar •  Z-Ring
Art
Sonic Totem • Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares •  Drinking Straw •  Scrapbook • Hand-drawn Nintendo Power • iDea Book Case •  Autographed Photos • Sonichu Amiibo • Schooldesk
Rage
Megatron pistol •  Pocket knife •  Clown Doll •  Lego Voodoo torture chamber •  Pepper spray •  Apology Letters •  Unban contracts •  Pmurt effigy •
Baseball bat
Fashion
$400 gold necklace •  Anime Wings • Belt buckle •  Pedo-Glasses •  I'm Done Adulting t-shirt •  Hair •  Unicorn cosplay
Other
Apple products‎‎ • Treadmill
Shrines of Fail
The Wall of Originals (list) •  The Megan Shrine
The Holy Fails
Autism papers •  Crumple-Lope •  Transcripts and report cards • Manchester High Leaks
v • d • e
Business
Platforms
CWCville Shopping†  • Cwclight • eBay†  • Etsy (OfficialCWCmart)  • Lulu*  • Patreon†  • Redbubble*  • YouTube*
Crafts
Medallions • Sonichu Amiibo • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
Drawings
Sonichu comics • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing • Commissions
Videos
Interviews • Paid Video Requests
eBay Sales listings
2008–2013 • 2014–2015 • 2016 • 2017  • 2018 • 2019 • 2020
Commissions and Collaborations
Prequel Comic  • Sonichu and Night Star Plushies  • Shrek Retold  • Praetor
Other
Autographed photos  • Yep, I'm on T.V. Two DVD Set  • Skylanders avatar
Managers
Bryanfrogboy • Caden Peck • Null
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Medallions&oldid=352534"