Title: Megan emails, Aug-Dec 2007
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Megan_emails,_Aug-Dec_2007
Categories: 2007, E-mails, Megan Saga
================================================================================

The following is a transcript of the known e-mails exchanged by Megan and Chris from August through December 2007. The only thing that has been removed are the email ads at the bottom of each page.
Megan's e-mails are in pink, Chris's in light blue.
This would be when Chris's creepy behavior towards Megan finally came to a head. As her attempts to nicely tell Chris to stop touching and making advances on her constantly fell on deaf ears, she finally put on a more forceful tone here, and bluntly told Chris she dislikes his behavior – including his rage towards Adam Stackhouse during the Master Onion contest – and that he needs to stop. Chris (barely) seemed to get the message; yet, of course he'd manage to fuck things up again not too long after.
Contents
1 E-mails
1.1 Adam Stackhouse wins, Chris is a horrible cheater and likes Megan "so much"
1.2 Chris hopes to make Adam Stackhouse lose by a loophole in the rules
1.3 Megan is annoyed and creeped out
1.4 Shit hits the fan, Chris confesses his love
1.5 Chris begs Megan not to leave him
1.6 Chris says he's not angry or jealous of Adam Stackhouse anymore
1.7 Chris continues to beg Megan not to leave
1.8 Chris talks about another contest and his ENDURING LOVE QUEST
1.9 Megan is going to give Chris some stuff, appreciates him backing off
1.10 Chris talks about cards and how lonely he is
1.11 Megan also talks about cards
1.12 Chris talks about Crocs and how he was kicked out of the library for soliciting sex
1.13 Megan is pissed that Chris is nosing in her business
1.14 Chris is angry about Megan kissing her friend, then pities himself
1.15 Megan had it worse in school
1.16 Chris wants to know why she sat on Christopher's lap
1.17 Chris is scared of some fanart
1.18 Chris talks about cards and mentions Lori
1.19 Megan is curious
1.20 Chris really likes Pokémon
1.21 Megan asks him for Nazi music or something
1.22 Chris is boring and still likes Pokémon
2 Gallery
E-mails
Adam Stackhouse wins, Chris is a horrible cheater and likes Megan "so much"
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Fri, 3 Aug 2007 9:08:40 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Well, I'm emotionally busted... :(
I just learned that I am not the winner of the PaRappa Chop Chop Master Onion Contest; among their ten videos, they were organized Alphabetically (I checked the html source, and that explained why I was number 7. Anyway, that lucky jerk, admstackhouse (assumed to be his e-mail name), gets to go to Seattle. That SOB should have really been disqualified; his dance was supposed to be MUSIC-FREE, yet he has some s***y beatbox noises in the background throughout his video (so did two others).
I am Angry, Depressed and Lonesome ALL SIMULTANEOUSLY. I worked so d*** hard; I sent like over 500 messages between MySpace, Playstation Network and AOL. And I even made up over 120 dummy e-mail accounts to match with their dummy Playstation accounts, so I could stuff the f***in' ballot...
I really wanted to take you somewhere fun and exciting so you and I could be together for longer than usual...and I really wanted to give you and John each a PSP... *sigh* I've failed. So much effort...rappin' and dancin' with goofy effects to be even considered...spreading the word as far and wide as possible...wasted. And I did it all for you, Megan; I had you in my heart as I chopped the Onion A-La Mode dance...I gave so much energy, even had a gut virus for a couple of days...crazy I guess.
Anyway, I'm not in such a delighful mood at this time; it may take a few days or so for me to recover...then again, you make me feel happy...I just realized that you were and still are a continuing inspiration for me. I looked at you in our photo ever since you left for Kentucky, and I get a happy feeling... from the feeling of having you to fall on when I feel low. You are such a delightful listener, and you are truly intelligent when you talk about what interests you and such. I am so delighted to have you in my life, and I appreciate you everyday. <3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Oh, so what if I didn't win that trip; I still can look forward to being able to coming over to your house, or you to mine, sometime. And I will get to see you at least on Fridays (although I'd like to be able to be with you much more than that). I like you so much, Megan.
As for the what happened at the Game Place; it was so-so, and I didn't get any Soul Calibur cards today. Although from my monthly tugboat, I did get the new Guitar Hero game and the PS1 classic, UmJammer Lammy, some ink for my printer, a bunch of slim cd and DVD cases and a 4GB memory stick duo.
Although I'm certain you have oodles of stories of your days in Kentucky, and I truly look forward to listening to you telling me about them. :)
Thank you, Megan, for being my continuing inspiration. I hope you all are doing well, and I await your safe and sound return. Take care.
Faithfully yours; Chris Chan.
Chris hopes to make Adam Stackhouse lose by a loophole in the rules
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Sun, 5 Aug 2007 8:13:34 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Dearest Megan,
Yesterday, after some rest, I still felt anger and resentment against that lucky S.O.B. winner. But I have found two faults in his video that were against the official rules; there was music, and there was more than one person in the video. I also found three more out of the remaining nine with the similar violations. I have sent some e-mails among the Playstation consumer services, and I have called the company personally and registered my grand complaint. It's not a matter of jealousy or loss; it's the principal of rule violations. Justice will be done to the seven people involved in the four violating videos, or I am not Autistic.
Anyway, I wanted to let you know about that. I hope you all are still doing well in Kentucky, and I will truly feel so much better when I see you personally in front of me safe and sound. :)
Faithfully yours; Chris Chan. <3<3<3
Megan is annoyed and creeped out
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com Cc: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
Sent: Wed, 8 Aug 2007 12:42 am
Subject: .....
Christian-
I haven't been checking my email until recently, and I just want to say that your behavior has irritated me for the last time. First I'll start off with saying that I'm glad you didn't win the contest because I have no interest in going on a trip alone with someone who can't keep his hands off me. I'm not your girlfriend and I never will be. When I say "don't touch me" that means DON'T TOUCH ME! What may seem friendly to you is sexual harrassment to me. You whine that you're just being friendly but you obviously have no consideration for my feelings. The way you went off on Nina because she patted me on the head was very rude and uncalled for. Just because someone else has made physical contact with me doesn't give you the authority to do so. Remember, I have the right to decide who can come near me.
Also I can't say I like how you used my photo in your video and on the cover of your comic book. I want them removed from the internet immediately. Since I'm not a myspace member I can't view what you post. If there are any photos of me on your blog I want them removed.
And I don't like your "Megan Obsession" I don't like being a character in your comics. I don't like how you made me a character in Soulcalibur and Animal Crossing. That kind of behavior really freaks me out.
With all that said, we're down to two options:
A: We remain friends and ONLY friends period. As in no more touching me, following me, asking me personal questions, and giving me things. We can still battle and trade cards and talk.
-or-
B: Never see me again
I'm sorry it's come down to this but I've told you repeatedly in a nice way to stop, but you've never listened.
I hope you will finally take what I just said into serious consideration, and know now that if try your advances again I won't be very nice about it.
Please listen to me next time
~Megan
Shit hits the fan, Chris confesses his love
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Tue, 7 Aug 2007 2:51:47 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: OUCH....My Heart...
Megan, sweetie, I NEVER said anything about you being my "girlfriend"; in the video, I said, "The only song I know is 'Master Onion' which I got from a demo I borrowed from my friend, Megan. I truly care about your feelings, and I am 500 times sorry... :_( I meant what all I did when I talk about you to be complimentive and flattering, not the contrary. I was only trying to make you happy.
I NEVER meant any "sexual harrassment"; granted that I have had one or two fantasies before, but I sincerely would NEVER intentionally do anything of the sort to you without your consent. You mean SOOOOOO much to me... As youu are aware, I'm guessing, I do not have many gal-pals in or around Charlottesville, and I treasure having you in my life, and as my closest, sweetest friend I could ever have in this one-hores, VIRGIN-ONLY STATE. If I lost you... it would TOTALLY SHATTER my heart, my soul, my being. I CAN NOT AFFOARD to lose you; I need you. Having you in my life, and as my gal-pal, is essentally wkat keeps me from reverting to a sad, lonely, depressed, apocolyptic state, like I have expierenced before when that witch of PVCC, Mary Lee Walsh, SHATTERED MY HEART AND SOUL when I was searching for a BOYFRIEND-FREE, caring, smoke-free, non-alcoholic, white girl to be my friend, and over time maybe grow into a SWEETHEART. Even right now, as I type this E-mail, I feel like I have been torn vertically into two, and I am typing on a keyboard that has been turned upwardly crooked from being banged against a raised knee... It really hurts...
I will remove the video from the internet soon as per your request, and I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY want you and me to still be friends. And as much as I truly understand how you feel about romance and love, I can't deny the feelings in my heart... I MISSED YOU SOOOOO MUCH; I would look at our sacred photo every night, and I would feee soooo much happier, because I have you as my one-and-only, single-solitary, once-in-a-lifetime-like, gal-pal. And I would wonder how you were getting along and faring in Kentucky, and I would hope to get to see you again in front of me soon... Megan... I love ou.
I gotta go.
Faithfully yours; Christian W. Chandler.
Chris begs Megan not to leave him
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: cwcsonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Wed, 8 Aug 2007 11:55 am
Subject: Hey.
I took care of the video; I edited the original video by removing the pic, then I uploaded the new to repace the old. So your face is not in there anymore.
I was depressed ALL DAY from those harsh words, but I'm not blaming you. I can only guess something unexpected happened that wasn't in favor. I apologize if I have offended you in any way. Please don't leave me, Sweet Friend, Megan.
Faithfully yours;
Chris Chan.
Chris says he's not angry or jealous of Adam Stackhouse anymore
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Wed, 8 Aug 2007 3:46 pm
Subject: I now understand.
I understand the possible irriation from being touched, but I now realize what may have set off the burst of anger. It was because of my immature behavior (with jealousy) over the winner of that contest, wasn't it? I wanted you to know that I have honestly given up on that erronious behavior. I do apologize for having expressed that anger, and I offer a peaceful rainbow as my promise to not get jealous and express such anger again.
You, Megan, truly are an inspiration for the better, even a neccessary [sic] "better half", for me. I thank you for leading me toward the light of better judgement.
I hope to see you again soon. <3<3<3<3
Faithfully yours; Chris Chan. :)
Chris continues to beg Megan not to leave
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Mon, 13 Aug 2007 8:27:50 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Hey...How you doing?
It's been a while, and I haven't heard anything from you. So I thought I would check in.
I can only imagine what your may be feeling from the recent trauma. I truly care and worry about you. I wanted you to know that I blurted out my confession, because my heart was hit so bad, that it sprung a leak... it leaked pain, torment and the deep feelings I had held in for so long. *sigh*
I can't apologize enough for hurting you the way I did with my jealously over the rule-violating winner, for my lonely, wandering hands wanting to feel your gentle, and spunky, soul, for figiting over such trivial gestures that some others were permitted to share with you, whereas you wouldn't permit me to for your reasons... Not knowing your current feelings, not knowing what else is going on in your world, not knowing if you and I are still the closest friends to have been for almost two whole years... is all a great weight on my still-recovering heart and my tearful soul... It's hard for me to enjoy things as I did while I knew you and I were sweet friends, and as I felt there could have been a strong foundation for my one bright future in this cursed Autistic life. But since I read that message last week and not having heard anything new from you, my faith for that future felt sooo lost; my faith in our friendship wained thin.
I CAN'T LOSE YOU, Megan Schroeder, you are the foundation of my happiness after the depression from my LONG, ENDURING Love Quest, you are the inspiration for me to carry on as I was able to for the past greater than a year and so on, you were the reason that I was able to shed fewest tears for that time.
Please, please, please, forgive me, let me know that you and I are still the closest friends, and don't deprive you and me of our fun by boycotting the Friday trips to the Game Place.
Truly, I just would fall into an infinite sink-hole of depression if I lost you from my life, and it would be an unbearable tragedy... *sigh*
Please reply as soon as possible.
<3<3<3.....<3........<.....3................
Christian Weston Chandler.
Chris talks about another contest and his ENDURING LOVE QUEST
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Subject: Hey, Megan
Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2007 10:09 pm
Attachments: Patti-Chan_Folklore_plus_details.jpg (238K), Patti-Chan_Folklore.jpg (111K)
I didn't get a chance to tell you, but it was truly good to see that you all got back safe from Kentucky...I truly did miss you. Also it is a weight off my shoulders to hear from you that we are still good friends.
Anyhoo, how did John do in his Mechanics class; what was his grade and such? How was your stay in Kentucky? And have you been practicing your Guitar skills on your PS2? *I hope you got better. :)
Also, a few weeks ago, I learned about the Folklore Create-A-Creature contest on the Playstation website; make up a unique creature suitable for the Fantasy world of the upcoming PS3 game, write up the details of the character and send in the .jpg file. Five will be chosen, among whom will win a copy of the PS3 game and a matching artwork book, and Only One will be programmed into a upcoming Downloable-from-the-Playstation-Store Add-On where the creature will be catchable and playable in the game. Simply put, I sent in Patti-Chan (see image below). Speaking of Patti, cute-like story, it was June 27, 2007, the date of the first year anniversary since her accent to heaven. On that date, neither of us realizing the anniversary yet, but my mother talked about going to the local SPCA building and adopting a new dog. That night, I realized it upon a Random Remembering, and I cried for a while, so did my mother after I had informed her. But we did realize that we talked about adopting a new dog on the date of the first anniversary. Bless her soul.
Well, like I said, I will be returing to the UVA's Alderman Library twice a week starting Sept. 4 to resume my Sweetheart Search (AKA Love Quest). *sigh* It will be lonely, torturing and enduring like it has been in the past, but I have my dream of a lil' Crystal Weston Chandler. And the movies and games on my PSP will give me something else to think about as I go back to wishin', hopin', and prayin' to be found by an "18-25-Year Old, caring, sweet, smoke-free, non-alcoholic, white girl" (hopefully a virgin) "to make into a Sweetheart from the Ground-Up". And at the end of each lonely wait, I will quote my old joke of a commercial, "Call Right Now, and we'll send you a Beautiful Girlfriend FREE". Then I will pretend to call RIGHT NOW, and always get BUPKIS. *sigh* Whatever.
One more thing, while I'm thinking about it, are you finished with the Pok'emon Ranger DS game yet, because I still remember our deal?
Well, take care you all; I'll see you all again next Friday.
Your Friend; Chris Chan.
Megan is going to give Chris some stuff, appreciates him backing off
From: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com
Cc: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
Subject: hey
Date: Mon, 1 Oct 2007 5:37 pm
That's odd...according to my yahoo sent items folder it was sent.
It pretty much said how I had all the unwanted cards. And I am looking for 3 cards now since you somehow figured out Revenant was on that list as well. Dang you're good! The UFS cards I'm looking for are these: Manas & Ayas (note I think the card spells it "Ayus" which is different from the game's spelling) It's from the first SC expansion Voldo (from the first exp. 4 dots, standing upright, arms crossed) Voldo (a promo card, back facing us, butt visible, the image is an official namco drawing) And I'm also really looking for ANYTHING on the StreetFighter character Vega. And one more thing, a Promo card of R. Mika. (I think the picture- she has her arms in the air.) And that's it. I hope you get lucky! Not saying you would but please don't start a R.Mika deck...I worked hard and hate being copied. You stick with the Greek Girls!
I also said how I'm doing a major room clean and can give you things I don't want. I'm still finding more stuff but so far I have:
Absolute Boyfriend poster
figurine of Primera from the series Tsubasa Chronicle
Tokyo Boys and Girls vol.1 (manga)
Someday's Dreamers: Spellbound vol.1 (manga)
a My Little Pony badge/button/pin thing
Some more extra Sailormoon cards
I'm sure I'll find more stuff, let me know if you want any and all of the above. In exchange for whatever cards you find or something Still haven't played SCIII *sigh...I'll get around to it soon...
Let me know and thanks!
~Megan
PS I also said thank you for finally understanding and giving me space and toning down your affections. Even so I also said that you are still my good friend and take everything you've given me and done with great appreciation.
Chris talks about cards and how lonely he is
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Subject: Re: hey
Date: Mon, 1 Oct 2007 11:24 pm
Okay, here's the summary:
UFS SC Set 1 FOIL UR SR Manas & Ayas
UFS New UR SR Promo Foil R Mika
From same Vendor for total of $8.25
UFS Street Fighter Vega SF02 092/126
From another Vendor for a total of $4
UFS Street Fighter VEGA'S CLAW SF02...096/126 Rare
From another for a total of $3.99
UFS Street Fighter FOIL Vega SF1P****06/12 PROMO
UFS Soulcalibur III FOIL Voldo SC3P****14/16 PROMO
UFS Soulcalibur III FOIL Voldo SC01****091/143 URARE
From Paladin Game and Hobbies for a total of $10.72
Which totals to (rounded up) $27, and with the $4 from Revenants, that makes it $31. Although I would feel better with a total cash settlement (or installments totaling to), I will take off $18 for your listed merchandise in your recent e-mail, taking the total down to $13. Also, for your information, you have mentioned the Revenant card in your e-mail from your Yahoo address you sent on the 30th of Sept. And as for the whole toning down the affections thing... in a nutshell, yes that's what I did... but I had to redirect them towards going back to my Sweetheart Search... Until I am found by a Boyfriend-Free Girl who can and is willing to grow into my sweetheart, (since I have no new special someone to call upon yet) I am finding myself still silently calling for you when I'm feeling lonely... Quite the quandry.
Anyhoo, I will let you know of any updates, or I will read your reply.
Take care;
Chris Chan.
Megan also talks about cards
From: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com
Cc: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
Subject: Re: hey
Date: Tue, 2 Oct 2007 10:53 am
Thank you very much. I will bring you the 13$ and merchandise this friday. Thank you for finding these cards I never find what I'm looking for too often.
I will also bring the lot of girl cards and I hope to find the rest of the cassandras as well. Can you list me the holos you have and I'll tell you ahead what I'm interested in. Only list what you're willing to trade. And when you list found/act/attk please write beside- the character they go with like Despair-Voldo.
Thanks so much again! See you soon!
~Megan
Chris talks about Crocs and how he was kicked out of the library for soliciting sex
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com
Subject: Just wanted to warn John...
Date: Thu, 4 Oct 2007 8:37 pm
I've just learned on the John Tesh Radio Show that people who wear Croc Shoes on escelators are having their toes, toenails gnashed, torn off or worse. If he is in an area where there is an escelator, encourage him to use an elevator or stairs.
I have not received the cards yet, nor have I been able to get that second Manaphy egg yet. I've had a surprise Tuesday while I was sittin' at the Alderman Library (waitin' to be found by a Boyfriend-Free girl). Some old hag and her bodyguard approached me and made it obvious that it was verbodden to find True Love there. Who did she think she was; the wife of the Pope? I disregarded her intrusion, but I am cautious about the possibility of another clash of battle, like in the past with that Witch of PVCC, Mary Lee Walsh, that Jerkief at Fashion Square and the Manajerks at Wal-Mart and Target. Unlike Tuesday and the previous events, I am much saltier than I was.
I will never fall for the FALSE Law of True Love searching and sharing being illegal in the State of Virginia, or in short "Virginia is for Virgins," nor will I quit chillin' at the Library's Lounge Tuesdays and Thursdays with a printed advertisement in the neighborhood.
But I digress. I will see you at the Game Place tomorrow.
Take Care;
Chris Chan.
Megan is pissed that Chris is nosing in her business
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: Sun, 21 Oct 2007 4:24 am
Subject: what's up?
Christian I can probably understand how you're feeling. You looked pretty pissed.....not to mention giving my friend the "fucky finger".
Why? Why do you hate him so much? Cause now he's really scared that you're going to go after him and kill him!
Besides if you have to hate someone, it should be me because I'M the one who didn't return your feelings and didn't want a serious relationship. Remember I have the right to decide who I want to be with. Now I'm not saying that I hate you. You are still my friend....that is if you're going to stop keep getting grudges and tormenting my friend. You're hatred and jealousy towards him is affecting me as well. How do I know you're not going to do something rash? So please just leave us alone.
I'd like for you to just accept this and move on. You have no right to hate him, he did nothing bad to you! Personally I thought you'd actually be happy for me. So please listen to me and please don't do anything bad and just leave Chris alone.
Please get back to me
~Megan
Chris is angry about Megan kissing her friend, then pities himself
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Sat, 20 Oct 2007 3:10:26 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: I'm sorry... *sigh*
The hugging was one thing, but when I heard the smack of your kiss on his cheek, it started a chain reaction in my head from "OMG" to simultanious infuration and jealousy. I assure you that I would not do anything extreme to Christopher.
Originally, I was not fond of him, because it was obvious that he was a homo. Yes, I am a homophobe; I fear them all, and I fear the tormenting temptations of falling off the straight path. But then I mentally, sometimes from a DVD (and if you'll pardon the expression), shove some pussy in my face. I tell you what, if I ever stoop down to changing my path, I might as well would get a gender change operation. I've seen the episode of "South Park" where Mr. Garrison had that operation; they showed the gruesome details. ugh...
I was programmed to be more favorable towards women over those of my gender. With the infinitely high Boyfriend-Factor, I am not fond of about 99.999999999996% of the total male population, with a margin-of-error of the 4 billionth of a percent (for about 100 men) of whom are okay acquaintences. Those doofs get all the luck, having a Sweetheart to care for and to be cared from, getting all the hugs, kisses and e motional support and the security of a solid future without lonliness and with love and children. And besides that, my Autism is not much help on the programming of my mind. *sigh*
Oh, my life.
I have been trying to move on, but I still have caring feelings for you, Megan, since I still have not found another Boyfriend-Free woman to transfer the care to. I sit at the UVA's Alderman library for Three Hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays, with a printed advertisement taped on the bar-type furniture across from me, and I am waiting, hoping and praying to be found/picked up by a Boyfriend-Free, 18-25-year old, caring, smoke-free, non-alcholic, white woman, who will voluntarily be my Gal-Pal to Girlfriend to Sweetheart. Can you understand the loneliness I feel from days and days of not even being approached by a caring someone while I wait and wait and wait to be found by a caring someone? Not only is it Very Lonesome, but it is Tiresome, Troubling and Frustrating... *sigh* It's been that way since the beginning of my Sweetheart Search in August, 2003. Granted the relieving heart poundings I felt for you for over a year, until the e-mail I received during the Parappa contest last August.
But rest-assured, aside from the past issues and angst against the males of the Boyfriend-Factor, I, Christian Christopher Weston Chandler, have not and will not ever have any intention of killing or murdering or physically ensue pain towards any person, including your Christopher.
I am sorry about Friday night, Megan.
Take care; Christian Christopher Weston Chandler.
Megan had it worse in school
From: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com
Cc: pearl3 <fourdogs4@sitestar.net>
Subject: ok
Date: Sat, 20 Oct 2007 5:18 pm
Ok, thanks for the reassurance. Yes I can understand your lonliness because I was the same way...worse maybe. I mean you actually had friends through school. I didn't have any friends at all. I was treated very badly by everyone. To the point where I had to drop out and graduate through homeschool.
I still want you to know that you are still my friend. And I am grateful for everything you've done. When I look through my huge book of Sailormoon cards, I'm almost to tears because YOU were the reason it has grown into a magnificent collection! :) I appreciate everything you've done and given me. Thank you.
I'm still not interested in marriage though. It's not my style. ;)
Well hopefully things will work out now.
And let me know if there was anything you wanted for the foil R. Mika cards you have. I even have extra commons for her if you're interested.
Talk to you later
You take care and feel better soon.
haha I'm still shy about his affections though! I'm like, ok, I'm on his lap, what do I do? hahaha
~Megan
Chris wants to know why she sat on Christopher's lap
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Subject: Hey, I'm cool.
Date: Sun, 21 Oct 2007 9:25 pm
Yeah, I'm mostly over what happened Friday. But I have a single quandry to ask, and I would appreciate an honest answer, please. Did Christopher ask you to sit on his lap, or what incentive gave you reason to do that? Please reply with an honest answer.
Other note, I picked up a couple of blank UFS League cards for you and John to sign your names on; I'll give them to you two Friday. No tournament happened earlier; not enough people.
Take care;
Chris Chan.
Chris is scared of some fanart
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net
Sent: Sat, 3 Nov 2007 11:50:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Megan, I've had so much to worry about today
The Good News though is that I've had more fans for Sonichu than I thought. Now the worse to bad...
I got this E-Mail earlier that had a set of four fanart of Sonichu and ME. While I enjoyed more the spoof of me sitting at by a box on a sidewalk, "Girlfriend Auditions," and the one with me glaring in the eyes of a blue hedgehog in armor. The OTHER TWO in that set of four... FREAKED, CREEPED AND SCARED THE CRAP OUT OF MY HEAD!!!!! (A lot worse than my freak-out over you on Christopher's lap last night; please keep that in private, in other words, "Get A Room.") I sent him a reply with respective criticism. I WAS INFURIATED!!!
Then later, I learn from an anonymous tipster about this girl'ss profile page on deviantART, while she has good and fun fanart of Sonichu, SHE IS TAKING THE CREDIT, AND PLACING A FAKE COPYRIGHT, 2007 WITH HER NAME ON IT!!! You, Me, and the rest of the Sonichu Fan Club know that Sonichu Was Born On MARCH, 17, 2000 (Y2K). I sent her a message requesting her to remover her claim of copyright with a warning of Legal Actions.
All the images are attached to this e-mail, or I can show them to you on my PSP later. =0 A I just needed to get that off my head and heart, since my mom fell asleep on me at the moment.
Okay, I'll see you hopefully at the UFS Tournament. Also, don't forget to set your clocks one hour back this weekend.
Take care; Chris Chan.
Chris talks about cards and mentions Lori
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: fourdogs4@sitestar.net Cc: yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com
Sent: Sun, 18 Nov 2007 2:45:14 PM Eastern Standard Time
Subject: Just to let you know...
Hey, Megan. It became kind of a ghost-town at the Game Place last Friday; most of the children left. It's too bad you didn't make it. Anyway, I wanted to let you know that I got a Piplup and Turtwig through SUCCESSFUL Trades through the GTS (Wi-Fi). Also, have you or John gone underground with the Explorers' Kit? I found 4 Skull Fossils, so I have 3 extra Craniados; if I don't get one through the GTS by the Friday after Thanksgiving (NO LEAGUE this coming Friday), I need the other fossil Pokemon of the Diamond/Pearl Generation (the one that evolves into Bastiedon). I will trade you or John a Craniados for that Fossil Pokemon. One more thing, please Show me a Palkia in my Diamond game, so I can try to get one through the GTS.
That's about it for now. Please reply ASAP.
Take care; Chris Chan.
P.S. This is Lori; the girl my buddy Joshua is hooking me up with. She had it done at JMU; that's why it has her name on it.
Megan is curious
From: Megan Schroeder <yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com
Subject: Re: Just to let you know...
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2007 10:05 am
Well I'm not too far with Pearl but John has a lot of Pokemon. Have you met this girl yet? Well I hope it goes well for you. Let me know how it goes! I forgot to ask last night but could you find out if there will be UFS this coming sunday? Thanks!
Bye bye
~Megan
Chris really likes Pokémon
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com
Subject: Re: Just to let you know...
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2007 2:17 pm
I'll be meeting Lori soon. I've traded a LV.20 Male Burmy for a Shieldon over the GTS, so I'm good on the fossils for now. Not this coming Sunday; it's Thanksgiving Weekend; No Pokemon this week either. Thank you for replying and letting meknow. Please work on getting that Palkia, so I can have my character see it, so I can find it through the GTS. I will likely start the Ranger adventure again so I can get my own Manaphy. BTW, try Manaphy and Ditto at the Day Care; my Player's Guide says there's a non-evolving baby Manaphy to be hatched from that combination.
Take care;
Chris Chan.
Megan asks him for Nazi music or something
From: Megan Schroeder <yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com>
To: Christian Chandler <cwcsonichu@aol.com>
Subject: one more favor?
Date: Fri, 30 Nov 2007 10:08 pm
Hey, I hope things go well between you and Lori.
Hope it's not a problem but I have ONE more request from Sailormusic.net. I was going to download the ogg.vorbis thing but it didn't work...
On the international Albums could you please save all the German stuff for me please? I think each link is compressed file of several songs. Would that be ok with you? I would really like them and can't find them anywhere else...
Thanks again, I'll remember to bring Pokemon next time
PS is it possible to save them and maybe email me the converted files?
~Megan
Chris is boring and still likes Pokémon
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: yoshimitsuharakiri@yahoo.com Cc: polizeigewalt@aim.com
Sent: Tue, 18 Dec 2007 8:42:27 PM Eastern Standard Time
Subject: Hey, Megan.
Just a reminder; please reply if otherwise, but please don't forget my Memory Stick Duo, as well as yours and John's Pokemon Diamond/Pearl games and DS Systems for when I meet you all at The End tomorrow.
I will be sure to come with my Wii and Pokemon Battle Revolution and my Action Replay DS accessory.
I will check my e-mail tomorrow in the afternoon for your reply.
Take care, and see you all tomorrow. Chris Chan.
Gallery
Megan Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Megan Schroeder
John Schroeder
Sailor Megtune
Megagi La Skunk
Christopher
Megan Emails, 2005-2006
Megan Emails, Jan-July 2007
Megan Emails, Aug-Dec 2007
Megan Emails, 2008
eBay loot
ShecameforCWC.JPG
John's Custom Gundam: Sisterly Rescue
Megan Shrine
Coinciding Sagas: Stackhouse, GAMePLACe, ED
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Megan_emails,_Aug-Dec_2007&oldid=344331"