Title: Megan emails, 2005-2006
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Megan_emails,_2005-2006
Categories: E-mails, Megan Saga
================================================================================

The following is a transcript of the known e-mails between Megan and Chris that are dated between November 2005 and June 2006. The only thing that has been removed are the email ads at the bottom of each page.
Megan's e-mails are in pink, Chris's in light blue.
Throughout this time period, Megan is generally friendly to Chris (even if a majority of their conversations are her requesting him to buy stuff for her on eBay). However, if her e-mails are anything to go by, Chris is already acting creepy towards her, with Megan repeatedly telling him off for touching her, telling her he wants to be her boyfriend, and acting rude towards other men who already have girlfriends. She'd be civil towards him in this period, but this wouldn't last forever.
Contents
1 E-mails
1.1 Megan wants a Tintin tape
1.2 Megan talks about meeting Chris on the park
1.3 Chris wants to date Megan at McDonald's
1.4 Don't kiss me, bro
1.5 Megan puts Chris in the friend zone
1.6 Megan writes the longest Urgent Message in history
1.7 Megan has a thing for German soldiers
1.8 Megan likes friendship but dislikes touchy/feely situations
1.9 Chris wants her number
1.10 Megan tells Chris to think of her as Knuckles
1.11 Megan comments on Chris's photos
1.12 Megan tells Chris to stop acting like a molester
1.13 Pinned against the wall
1.14 Megan sends Chris some more mixed signals
1.15 Megan calls Chris out
2 Gallery
E-mails
Megan wants a Tintin tape
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.com Cc: pearl3@velocitus.net
Sent: Tue, 1 Nov 2005 3:14 am
Subject: quick!
Hey quick! Please go to ebay and type Tintin videos
There's a buy it now near the bottom. The episode is Cigars of the Pharoahs. it's $9.99 and shipping is 5.75
Please can you get this video for me? please hurry! thanks!
Megan talks about meeting Chris on the park
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.comt
Sent: 8 November 2005
Subject: Yes Klonoa!
I don't mind being called Meg, it's short 'n simple!
Luckily when I bought my USED copy of Klonoa it came with everything, but I just got some new printer ink, so I can go ahead and scan in the front and back for you!
How do you like the game? Beautiful isn't it? Now you see why I'm desperate to find the soundtrack!
Oh I think I have an extra jewel case to use too! So I'll work on that!
We'll discuss plans about sunday on friday.
No offense but I never give my number out. It's certainly nothing directed at you but I just don't enjoy talking on the phone either. Besides we live like right down the street from the park so it's like 2 min away on bike!!
As for resteraunt [sic] thanks but no thank you, we'd have already eaten by then. I eat lunch early. But thank you very much for such a nice invite, I'm sorry to have to decline.
Thanks for going to bring the sleeves, I'll bring all my cards to see what I'll need.
Well let's hope the weather's fine on sunday,eh?
See you on friday!!
Megan
Chris wants to date Megan at McDonald's
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: pearl3@velocitus.net
Sent: Sat, 3 Dec 2005 8:12:18 PM Eastern Standard Time
Subject: Hi Hi, Meg.
I've just talked to my father about him coming one Friday. Currently, he's a bit under the weather. But if he feels better by this coming Friday, he'd like for us to get together at the McDonalds closest to the Game & Hobby place after the League-Play. I'll let you know for sure Friday.
Thank you for the drawings you gave me. For your island's name, I feel that, "Parodyse Island," is a slightly better name.
Everytime I see your drawings, I get inspired to want to work more on my comics. So, I'll be working more often on them; I hope you're still working on your Strawberry Pink story, because it fascinates me. ;8)
I'll talk to you again soon.
Stay Sweet;
Chris Chan.
Don't kiss me, bro
From: pearl3
Sent: 20 Dec 2005
Subject: happy holidays
Hello!
Yes I did watch the musical and John and I agreed we officially hate that bad-guy, we think he's kinda queer. I thought the ending was the best part. I like how Eternal Sailormoon came out. We should try and find the fourth season that includes my favorite villains the Amazoness Quartet. I heard they sing a lot with Chibiusa.
I love the first season of the anime. It's got that old mono sound quality to it. I like anime that sounds vintage. but of course the american version re-did all the music...
Thank you again for such nice gifts! I wasn't expecting that!
Although I really don't mean to be cold but please don't try and advance on kissing me please. The truth is I don't want a boyfriend because I don't desire and idolize boys like other girls. I enjoy being independant [sic]. So you see what I mean? It's certainly nothing personal towards you. I'm just ag irl who doesn't care about loving guys. That doesn't mean I can't be friends with them though.
Well since I bought models and been working on them I think the glue has made me ill, so in case I don't feel well enough to go on the computer I'll go ahead and say
I hope you have a Merry Christmas and the holidays go well for you.
Megan
ps no one in my family is autistic. uuuuh I feel ill I'm gonna take a nap watching sailormoon!
Megan puts Chris in the friend zone
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: 13 March 2006
Subject: Thank you!
Well that's easy, YOU ARE A TERRIFIC PERSON! It's nice to have a good friend who can put up with me! ;)
I'm looking forward to these photos. I'll do my best to explain them to you.
Anyway, well I see you as a really superb, kind and thoughtful understanding playful friend! Sorry to dissapoint [sic] you on love topics but I enjoy being an independant [sic] person. When your [sic] single you can have many guy friends. When you're not, boyfriends get suspicious about your other friends.
Thanks for understanding about the game. Hey, it's one less debt I gotta worry about!!! :))
I'll see ya later!
~Megan
Megan writes the longest Urgent Message in history
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: 22 April 2006
Subject: please forgive me...:(
[Part of the mail is missing]
third which is probably the worst case yet-
I have kept this secret until John's birthday. I have been saving money to buy both John and I a Nintendo DS and a couple games. So I have a DS now. But PLEASE DON"T BE MAD...especially since I was fooling around with John's gamecube and saw some of the note...I didn't read all of it. Something like make sure I don't get a DS with Nintendogs? Were you planning to give one to me? I feel terrible. I didn't get any sleep last night due to worrying about it.
I had a feeling you would have already spent your money on one for me. If so please, you may return it. I don't want to seem ungrateful but they are expensive and I just can't accept such a pricey gift from you. But if you can't return it or get any cash or credit from trade-in, well what can I say? I just don't know what to say. I feel rotten but I hope I'm not to blame. I didn't know. We BOTH didn't know. I hope you understand and I hope you are not angry.
I am flattered and amazed you would go through such trouble, thank you friend! :)
Is there any way I can make it up? I'm VERY DEEPLY SORRY Christian. PLEASE understand it. I hope I'm not at fault. I should have told you I got one a few days ago. I hope it isn't too late. But I thought it was right of me to tell the truth. I hate not being honest. I'm like a military dog- loyal to the end.
Well my DS is blue. I have Chihuahua game and Yoshi Touch n' Go
For my brother he will get a silver DS with Lab game and Mario Kart, but my mom and aunt have helped me aquire [sic] them.
Yoshi game is lovely and relaxing. A good bedtime game! ;)
I like your yoshi game too.
Hey I was wondering since we get ripped off at gamestores why not trade games with each other?
I may have a few games I lost interest too. A couple from the Crash Bandicoot series and maybe some gameboy games. John has a couple Star Wars games for the gamecube he doesn't want.
Do you have anything you don't play anymore? And hey maybe after a while we could always trade back if we miss our old games. I'm glad you liked my spoiled Shadow2 chao! He's a good boy!
Well I better send this email I hope you get it in time. And once again I'm very sorry. I don't feel like I'm a good friend but I'm being honest. I hope our friendship remains.
Thank you
Megan has a thing for German soldiers
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: 1 May 2006
Subject: Re: Hi
Thanks, those photos will really mean a lot to me. I hope you can win them. Yes I found the games. They were in John's bag. As for July, I may be going out of state for a week or so. We usually do. Not yet sure though.
Well I got stuff to do as well so see you in a while. (Won't be coming this friday.)
Oh the reason I love German photos is cause they are stereotyped soldiers. None of the soldiers in those photos were actual Nazi soldiers. And it offends me when people say "Oh Germans are all a bunch of Nazis" Gee thanks I'm German too.
Plus they are private and personal photos and I think they are all special. You wonder if any of them are alive still.
Please do your best to win them. If you can win them I'll stay away from ebay for 2-3 months if you'd like.
Keep this between you and me but I find many of those soldiers unbearably handsome. They have really fair pretty faces. *Ahem* ANYway you didn't hear that from me!
talk to you later
~Megan
Megan likes friendship but dislikes touchy/feely situations
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: 3 May 2006
Subject: Thank you!
Ok first of all THANK YOU for getting that lot! Please show that loser what your [sic] made of on the other 3!! Thank you! I hope steady payments will be ok? Did you inform the dealer that you may win others? So he can combine shipping?
Second of all the term I used "I'm not the one for you" Has absolutely NOTHING to do with YOU. That term refers to ME. And the reason for being is because I have no desire nor do I care to have a boyfriend, period. Even if he were the most gorgeous soldier on the planet. I just don't care. And perhaps I was meant to not like "love". Actually I have more enjoyment when I'm by myself. I don't ever feel lonely. So the term means, I wouldn't be good in a relationship because I'm not one to frantically dial the phone hoping for date. I'm a loner kind of person and that's the way I was born. I'm sorry again you feel that way. But you know me, I gotta be 100% honest.
So in other words: you're NOT a loser, I'm not saying I don't like you. I just don't care for guys in that kind of relationship matter. But that doesn't mean I don't care period. I care because we are friends. And I prefer to have guys only as friends because they are good companions and comrades. I never cared about having a boyfriend, I doubt I will.
I like being the way I am, and I don't want to be like the others. Yeah that's a good way to say it. I want to be as different from people as I can. I hear girls saying how they wanna get married/have kids and stuff like that, but not me! I wanna be free from marriage and have my own life with myself. I absolutely LOVE being by myself for some reason, but again that doesn't mean I hate being around you or other friends, ok?
So I hope you understand that now. And maybe you know now why I don't like touchy/feely situations. BUT I ENJOY BEING FRIENDS!!
In conclusion, having a any kind of boyfriend is just not in my system. My goofy cousins just don't understand why I'm not married or dating. They're both married but I think deep down they admire me for being that adament [sic] about it. Somehow I get the same feeling from you? You admire my rougeness and toughness?
Well I hope you feel better after you read this. But hey, isn't it better to tell you now BEFORE anything has happened? Unlike that *excuse me* Bitch you drew in your book who was pranking you? Girls like that deserve my wrath!
I'll talk to you later
I hope you feel better
~Megan
Chris wants her number
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: CWCSonichu@aol.com
To: pearl3@velocitus.net
Sent: Sun, 7 May 2006 2:03:38 PM Eastern Daylight Time
Subject: Hey, Meg-Chan.
Hey, no worries about the park meeting yesterday; I enjoyed watching the ducks and the fish. I've also talked to some of the ducks... have I done my "Donald Duck" imitation for you? And the children that passed by were fun to watch as well. I'd love to ride the train with you. :)
I plan on working on my room as well this week.
I'll jump in on the 87-photo lot tonight at about 7:45...wait till the last minute... and punch in my max. bid. I'll let you know about the monetary total after winning the photos for you. ;)
That's funny you've bought Super Princess Peach; so did I, and I am enjoying it as well. I'll send you a list of the games of your selected systems in my next E-Mail in a MSExcel file. I'll bold the ones I'd be willing to trade/give to you; you can print it for yourself and highlight the one's you'd like (I've misplaced the list with your underlines... I'm sorry).
Megan, I'd feel much better if I could converse with you about these situations vocally (than written), because I feel a bit of tension from waiting a day or two for your reply. And I feel that our points would come across between us more effectively. I understand that you don't like to "waste time on the phone," but how often do you receive calls at your house or cell from anyone other than telemarketers? So, could I get your phone number, please?
I know that I've given you mine a few times, so you have that.
Love, with you always in my mind and heart;
Chris Chan.
Megan tells Chris to think of her as Knuckles
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: CWCSonichu@aol.comt
Sent: 22 May 2006
Subject: Hey
Hey! Ok, maybe I should get this off my chest first-
Well I like us being friends but please understand that I wish for no deeper relationship. I just don't care or have that desire for a boyfriend no matter who he is ok?
And to be honest I felt awkward on how you all of sudden said you wanted to come to my house. Lemme just say this- You should think of me as Knuckles! I'm the kind of person who although is a loyal friend- I can only take so much friendly meetings. You know how Knuckles will hang around a bit but then take off once again. I'm like that. Hanging out on fridays is really the most I can do. I know that probably doesn't seem fair to you but you are a different person with your own different needs. I'm my own person with my own different needs- or should I say unwanted needs! ;) So please could we put off park meetings for a while? Pretty please with a Yoshi Berry on top! :D And also please give me a little more space at the store. I don't always like having a second shadow while looking at stuff. DO NOT take this as an insult- you have no idea how many times I have to bark at John sometimes!!
So from now on I'd like a little time alone looking at models that will never come in and then I'll come to the middle and play! I love playing now since I made a new refreshing deck! Speaking of decks, Print out that email you sent me about your Yugioh deck cause John has more knowledge about it then [sic] me. John helped me with all my yugioh stuff!
Ok, moving from that "depressing" subject! I think I see the music problem! When you download, are all the bands separated by genre? If so then Stryper and Holy Soldier are more then [sic] likely located in the Christian section. (no pun intended-as I rudely burst out laughing! forgive me!)
Yes Stryper is a "religious" band but I don't think they are extreme. You know how they say people change depending on the music they hear. Sure that's probably true for all the hoods that listen to that stupid loud violent rap. But I've had Stryper for several years and it hadn't turned me into a nun!
As for Holy Soldier, they were probably put there just because of their name. I don't think their music is as Christ-ly as Stryper. Holy Soldier is however positive
and anti-negative. For example one song explains "drink and drive is suicide."
Either way I think you'll like them. Which of the songs I reccomended [sic] did you like the most or least?
I love your mario game- so does John! But I love playing the mini games better then [sic] the real game! Not to brag but I've beaten some of your high scores!! My favorite games are:
The game where you find either Mario, Luigi, Wario, and Yoshi's face.
Matching the Wiggler pattern! I love Wigglers!!! They are soooo oogy-woogy! Plus that baby music they play emphasizes that!
[Part of the mail is missing]
Megan comments on Chris's photos
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com Cc: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
Sent: Mon, 5 Jun 2006 12:18 am
Subject: My tour through CWCville
Hi! I'm leaving tomorrow so I have time for one more email!
I'm typing this and looking at the pics of your stuff at the same time!
Let's see what I see....
pic#1: I notice the Octan signs right away. John had several sets from that. Wow this is neat, I never combined my sets like that. I only have a few small ones.
pic#2: First of all you have the same window air cooling unit I have. I see Houndhowl hanging down! No offence but your room looks a little cluttered and messy. Sometime I'll be like Brock the super maid and get that place organized!!
pic#3: Is that a japanese temple I see!? I've NEVER seen that before! OH!! You have an Egyptian set!! With my lego hero!! Johnny Thunder!! I have a set with a sphinx.
pic#4: Neat Pokemon poster! Hey I see my german boys down below!! I wonder....did you do that on purpose so I'd notice? ;)
pic#5: your closeups are really professional. I wish my camera was that good, cause I'd give you pics of my anime collection!
pic#6: Interesting combo: Spiderman and a Sonichu car...!
pic#7: Neat sign. Neat lego dude. I've always liked the heads with the shades.
pic#8: Nice patriotic scene you got going there. Like the flag too.
pic#9: Holy Wow it's CHRISTIAN!!
pic#10: Is that a plane? I can't really tell.
pic#11: Cool cops! Look it's your gamecube! Am I an animal? :D
pic#12: uuuh....wow. Sonichu and you. How did you make the heads?
pic#13: read above
pic#14: I'm guessing that's the mayor? Otherwise you've cloned yourself with different hair!
pic#15: blurry
pic#16: dark and scary
pic#17: A wee blurry. Who's the red one again?
pic#18: nice little cafe. Is that Johnny too I see?
pic#19: nevermind.....it's just a Johnny imposter.
pic#20: I totally want those sharks! :D
pic#21: Can't make out the sign
pic#22: The infamous birthday hospital!!
pic#23: Who's the wierdo [sic] with blue arms?!
pic#24: AAAH There he is again!!
pic#25: I don't know these people. Fill me in
pic#26: What's going on?
pic#27: Wahahahaha!! Either Crazy Hand or Master Hand came to visit!!
pic#28: That's a dudey-dude!
pic#29: You ever dust them off? hahaha
pic#30: *coughcough*
pic#31: Nice truck *please dust me, please dust me!*
pic#32: He looks scary and mean
pic#33: The almighty......something
pic#34: Whoa! It's Prince Fagalot, Batman, and the Easter Bunny! NO WAIT!!! It's Liberty Bell, Mange, and Harmony Bunny!!
pic#35: Post Office
pic#36: Please.....please dust that poor horsey
pic#37: Why is there a witch in the middle of a fuel station! Looks like someone died too.
pic#38: A Red Cross office?
pic#39: What's this little place?
pic#40: Hoooooly Craaaaap......Obi Wan, Luke, and Qui-gon are at the freakin bank!!
pic#41: Is this a night scene? Nice special effects
pic#42: Hey I see some of the stuff I gave you! Omigod! I can't BELIEVE you have that Mewtwo picture still!! hehehe can't wait til my birthday! Just a little request. can you please wrap the pieces in toilet paper so the paint won't scuff up the other parts? know what I mean? Anyway that was a nice conclusion of my tour through your city!! Thank you! JUST KIDDING!!! I already have my own plush of him!
picture of you, sonichu and rosechu.: Wow this part of your room looks clean!! Oh wait it's a hotel room. wahahaha!
I've got the full poop on that lego car!
Transformers! More than meets the eye! Tranformers! Megan-likes-gundam-better-then-you-so goodbye!
Thanks for the pictures! I'll put them on my computer and use this cd to burn the tracks I have for you I meant to do a while ago. The English song and German song and others.
I'll talk to you when I have come back from my trip! Thanks again! Bye ~Megan
Megan tells Chris to stop acting like a molester
−−−−−Original Message−−−−−
From: pearl3 <pearl3@velocitus.net>
To: cwcsonichu@aol.com
Sent: 10 June 2006
Subject: Hey, I'm back
Yep, but we had to come back earlier cause the rain won't let up. So we may go back later in the summer. Oh and to start off I did NOT go to any Navy base. I was only being sarcastic towards Fredric-- (don't know how to spell that)
Thanks for all your emails though! Oh I came home yesterday afternoon. There wasn't much to say about it since it rained.
Anyway well! I'm glad there is a new possible friend for you!! So let me begin by saying this however I mean no harm towards your feelings. It's flattering how said your heart would remain strong to me but I really wish it didn't. And here is why: I've told you many times I don't want a serious relationship with you or any other guy for that matter. And so you really need to "give up" on me cause it'll only make you miserable. The fact that a fan has showed up may be a sign. Y'see instead of spending all your energy looking for a girlfriend, you should lay back, take it easy and open up. Then I think someone will show. You should try not to act so desperate. The way to "spell it out" and advertise yourself- passing girls may think it's strange behavior. Of course I understand your situation, but other people don't and they may think- please don't get upset- that you are some kind of lech or molester. I know your [sic] not, but you see where I'm coming from?
So, please do not waste more thoughts on me, of course we are friends but friends only. Please "detatch" [sic] yourself from me and see if anything happens between you and this girl and maybe her friends ok? My wish for you is to find your own someone for yourself. Me? I'm just a "heartbreaker"!
But just to answer your weird question, I would prefer clean shaven men but don't get any ideas that, THAT would win me! ;)
I don't mean to sound harsh but I am grateful that we are friends. If it wasn't for you, I may have never seen StarS and my collection would be the same dolls and few figurines. I must say I am entirely grateful that you have trusted me finacially [sic] on ebay! I'll try my best to pay the remaining payments as quickly as possible. Thanks for your trust and patience.
I was wondering, I stay off ebay for a while but if there is a little plush I want from Pokemoncenter can we order it? I'll look later to see if there is anything.
Well John wants me for something so I'll get back to you later!
See ya!
~Megan
Pinned against the wall
From: pearl3
Sent: 25 June 2006
Subject: an "angry" Megan?
Yeah, although I'm not angry at you, I'm a little dissapointed at your behavior. I'm really sorry this may sound harsh but it's the 100% truth about how I feel ok?
I know you know I "hate" guys and I hate love, cause I told you a million times ^^;!!
So why do you keep getting too close and touching me? I REALLY don't like it at all. I know you said cause you have feelings for me and it's hard for you. But (I'm sorry, this sounds mean) you really need to try and get over it. If you keep hanging on like that to someone who doesn't love you back.......well it'll only make you more miserable. You need to just accept the fact that I don't and will probably never love you so you should just take a rejuvenating breath and move on.
Here's a secret, ONCE I actually "liked" someone and I spent a lot of unnesessary energy and time thinking about this person and trying to spend time with this person. But when I finally admitted to liking this guy, I was bluntly refused. I wasn't his "type". And he didn't even tell me that, I had to ask his friend! So when a guy doesn't like me, THAT'S IT!! I don't "like" them anymore! If I'm not his type to be close to, then I'm not his type to be friends with, an what do you know! The same person things I'm a freaky nazi thing! But don't EVER EVER EVVVVVVVER repeat that to me or anyone else ok? Although I was somewhat hurt I've soon gotten over it, you know I don't even think I really liked this guy in the first place! It's like....I was experimenting? Oh well he's not worth my time. >-<
So it was a fake love? Sometimes I don't understand myself. My mind and heart say two different things. But throughout my life I've trained myself to ignore feelings for a guy. I don't WANT a boyfriend and I won't give in! I won't allow it!! Of all the hair bands I love anti-love songs. Example: did you download Queensryche's I Don't Believe In Love?
I don't. To be honest, I don't care for love. period.
Now I sound like that lady villian you have, but oh well, that's the real me. Also this is a secret I've hidden away for a long time cause everyone would think I really was a freak.
I only love animals. I love recieving affections from them and I love being with them. In other words, I love animals more than humans. I absolutely HATE how people treat them and are cruel to them. Afterall animals were here on this planet first. And now look what we've done. We destroy their homes and destroy them. Animals that are endangered are all because of stupid humans. Their disgusting greed of taking their own fur!! It makes me SICK!!
Now you know the real me, but how do you like me now? When it comes to relationships, I'm a "dangerous" person. It seems I only break hearts. So for your own sake, please try to get rid of the lovey feelings for me and we can just be friends. So PLEASE don't touch me anymore ok? I don't like it! And last wed you really had me pinned against the wall. Please give me more space.
Now that I've finally gotten THAT off my chest let's move on to more happier thoughts.
600??!! No way! I only have around 80! Even though they started in the 80's I don't think 600 were ever made! But I could be wrong. I only collect the newer ones that came out in the 2000's.
Sheesh, where do you keep your transformers? Maybe you should hang some in the ceiling like there battling! Yeah I seem more like a Gemini. I have split personalities, there's the girly-my-little-pony-shoujo-anime-lover-plushie side of me then there's the cold-war-monger-gi joe-german soldier-militaria side of me.
Yes I've heard that opposites attract, but also....doesn't a negative and a positive make a negative?
Oh yeah, before I decide to write a letter, why does your father doubt my residing in Staunton in the first place and why would he care anyway? I feel wierd about the whole thing in any case. Cause I mean, when you look at it, where I live has nothing to do with him and OH YEAH I JUST REMEMBERED!!!! We no longer get mail at our house due to past events I wish not to explain. Our P.O Box is in Fishersville. So whether or not I write a letter, it wouldn't satisfy him! jeeeeez....
Well I'm hungry now so I'll leave it at that
If your feelings are hurt, I'm really sorry, but perhaps you take that opportunity to release your feelings for me and start a-new.
Megan sends Chris some more mixed signals
From: pearl3
Sent: 15 July 2006
Subject: yeah
Jeez....what kinda question is that? I honestly have NO idea!! You can't change your looks unless it's plastic surgery or something. I'm not the one you need to ask. I really don't know what you should do, you should sit down and try to think it out for yourself.
Also I'm just a little mad that I have to keep telling you to PLEASE stop touching me! It's like you're not wanting to listen to me! I tell you, then you say ok, but eventually you're back to the same tricks, and this time I really MEAN IT!! Even my other friends don't like it and think it's weird. So once and for all could you PLEASE STOP? You KNOW I don't like it so why do you keep doing it? It's not like you're gonna try and soften me or something.
So, I don't wanna have to tell you again or I might get really angry. Cause you know unwanted remarks, or advances to a girl is Sexual Harassment and I don't take that lightly. Ok? So can you understand now?
Anyway sometimes I get the feeling that you copy me to get me to like you. Like Sailormoon for example. The only Sailormoon thing you had was that adult video and since I told you how much I love it then you start getting into it. Kinda like My Little Pony. That kind of thing really annoys me. If you ever see any Sailormoon game for DS, please let me buy that first. Remember the first ebay purchase was that Sailormoon Super Best CD? It really hurt me when I found out you went ahead and listened to it!! If I ever purchase a game or cd from ebay in the future....please....let me listen or play it first. It hurts my feelings when I'm buying something and you go ahead and beat it first or something. Even though you are buying it....still I'm paying you back for it when you jump right in on it, it hurts me and ruins the whole fun for me. It's like, "what's the point since you already beaten it?"
Going back to "are you copying me" I don't like it much when people get into something RIGHT AFTER they find out I liked it first. When you said we had a lot in common like Sailormoon and My Little Pony, well who Loved Sailormoon first? Who collected My Little Pony first? Ok, I know I sound like a spoiled brat but can you see what I'm trying to say?
I don't like being too in common with others, I try to be different from others as possible. I personally don't like Pretty Cure that much. Mostly the reason is cause YOU liked it first. And out of respect I decide not to get into it cause to me, Pretty Cure is YOUR thing like Sailormoon and My Little Pony should be MY thing, you know?
I even remind myself to not tell of my other series I love cause I'm afraid the next day, you'll have everything there is to get from that. So if I ever order something that's something you don't really know about, then just "hand it over casually" like you didn't even see it.
So I just wanted to make these points clear and usually sounding mean like that is the only way for me to get them across. [Some of the email is missing here]
Ok, first of all, I don't remember saying I DID choose him over you, if you have the email saying I did, send it please......I can't ever remember a conversation. >-<;
Second of all.....brace yourself, this may sound blunt and harsh. But shouldn't it be MY decision? When you sent the email saying you were gonna send a freak-out message saying "just how friendly were you" You make it sound like I have to get your approval to be that kind of "friendly" to someone. And I felt rather disappointed about those remarks. Besides he was really the FIRST guy to ever pay any notice to me. Not that I was trying to find attention, he just came up to me.
Also I secretly DID give you a chance, I always secretly "test" someone I'm making friends with. Just making someone happy isn't the ONLY thing I test, but my vibes and body chemicals whatever-you-call-em just don't feel anything around you. You know? It's also about the vibes and chemistry. Even though someone can just be a bestest nicest always do things for you kind of person, you don't always actually love them, and that's how I feel about you or rather don't feel about you.
And you already KNOW I don't love you so why make yourself unhappy by holding grudges and trying so hard to win me over? So please if you really want to make me happy....please....let me make my own decisions and figure out my own life ok?
Besides even IF I had a boyfriend, what makes you think I'll stop being friends with you? I'm not that kind of person who'd say... "well, I have a boyfriend now so see ya!" No, I'm not that kind of bitchy girl.
Also you don't even KNOW this guy so why do you say he can take care of himself? Afterall YOU'RE not the one who may have to answer the call of duty and head off to war. And I think he would need MORE emotional support. You're just losing love......he could lose his life. His death wouldn't be in vain but it's still a fallen soldier.
So there you go. I'm sorry you feel all depressed but that's just how it is. Stop saying ALL the girls are paired up, you can't prove that and those girls CHOSE to be with who they're with.
So no matter what happens I'm not gonna drop all contact with you ok?
Now as promised here is my list of ponies! I love them all!
ponies! ponies! ponies!
Megan calls Chris out
From: pearl3
Sent: 7 Aug 2006
Subject: hey
Ok thanks.
You know I haven't talked to this person in a year. I'm not really wanting to get together with him either. Boyfriends aren't for me. Don't want em, don't need em.
However I can't say I like how you call him a lucky "jerk"
Why is he a jerk? Why do you call ALL guys that?
Because they "Take all the pretty girls leaving you none to choose from?"
Hate to be blunt but that's a pathetic way to think!
You don't go to a mall and buy a girlfriend! The thing is, the guys didn't take all the girls.....the girls just didn't choose you. Quit blaming other men! Girls chose who their boyfriend was too!
You should know, that girl Soshii loves has a boyfriend. But does he hate Night or other guys?
Just because YOU don't have a girlfriend doesn't give you the right to HATE ALL MEN!! It's not THEIR fault! The world doesn't revolve around you. And keeping this grudge will really get you nowhere.
Personally I think you shouldn't be so picky about what they look like. All you say is you want a "pretty girl". Well it's the INSIDE that counts! Afterall, a pretty girl can have the personality of Satan, meanwhile an "ugly" girl may have a heart of gold but you wouldn't even give a second look would you?
I often wonder:
If I was an ugly girl, you wouldn't even come near me would you?
Which also makes me bring up something else. During the tag team, you yelled how you didn't want to pair up with a beginner! Did it even occur to you how many little kids' feelings you just shattered?
And so if I was a beginner, would you say that to me as well? Or would you just pair up anyway cause I happen to be a GIRL?
Your insults and hatred towards other guys can offend me cause it offends my brother!
Well sorry all that sounds mean, but I hope it gave you something to think about.
I remember seeing a letter posted by you in Shoujo Beat. Then a couple issues later there was a reply to that. Did you see that? Well that girl is absolutely right!!
Ugh...hungry
Gallery
Megan Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Megan Schroeder
John Schroeder
Sailor Megtune
Megagi La Skunk
Christopher
Megan Emails, 2005-2006
Megan Emails, Jan-July 2007
Megan Emails, Aug-Dec 2007
Megan Emails, 2008
eBay loot
ShecameforCWC.JPG
John's Custom Gundam: Sisterly Rescue
Megan Shrine
Coinciding Sagas: Stackhouse, GAMePLACe, ED
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Megan_emails,_2005-2006&oldid=320438"