Title: MHS classmate E-mails
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/MHS_classmate_E-mails
Categories: E-mails, Trolling
================================================================================

The MHS classmate E-mails is a set of correspondence between Chris and a troll pretending to be a fellow alumnus of Manchester High School. They date from September to November 2013, when Chris was busy organizing his high school reunion so that he could relive his glory days. This was one of several attempts by concerned trolls to knock some sense into him. Obviously they didn't work.
The troll's emails are in red. Chris's emails are white.
Contents
1 Trouble at Walmart
2 Honesty and Integrity
3 The past comes back to bite Chris
4 Lost Lies
5 Chris can't get his act together
Trouble at Walmart
On 2 September 2013, Chris announced on Facebook that he had gotten into trouble with a particular Walmart manajerk. Four days later, he discovered that he had been banned from the store, and he was "out for revengeance." He revealed that he had vandalized an Xbox display with a permanent marker.
7 September 2013
MHS Class of 200 Reunion and Facebook
[Redacted] to ChrisChanSonichu
Christian,
I hope that you understand why I removed you as one of my Facebook friends. The way you acted at Walmart was completely unacceptable. You need to admit to yourself that what you did was wrong, then go in to Walmart and apologize to [redacted]. If you are still banned, it might be a better idea to call her or write her an apology email.
The reality of the situation is that you committed an arrestable offense, and [redacted] cut you a break by banning you from the store rather than having you arrested. You were very lucky and you should be very grateful that [redacted] was feeling charitable that day.
Christian, you need to wake up son! Not everyone is a troll out to get you. Like your friend Anna said, other people aren't going to know that you have "issues" just by looking at you. If [redacted] had to call for assistance from another person, then I can only assume that you became loud, maybe even aggressive, and she felt threatened.
From what you said in your post, it sounds like you walked up to an Xbox display and deliberately vandalized it. It doesn't sound like anyone made you do it. There was nobody there to force you. This was your own bad idea. I don't really know you that well outside of Facebook, so I can't imagine why you'd do something like this in the first place. It sounds like you've got some pretty serious issues, and you should probably look into getting some counseling. Just my .02.
Ashley will probably be talking to you about the reunion. You might want to take a break, and let her handle the organization details until things calm down a little bit. It sounds like you've got plenty of other things going on in your life right now, you don't need the extra headache.
Good Luck,
[redacted]
8 September 2013
Re:MHS Class of 2000 Reunion and Facebook
Christian Weston Chandler to you
I have admitted to myself what I did was wrong. I have sent [redacted] an email with an apology; I have not received a reply. I have informed my mother of the situation. She says she will go over and talk to [redacted] to get me back in.
I have had Numerous issues in my head for years that had built up since how I reacted at MHS Graduation (my father had told me after that event that I had shamed him with that, but I was very upset, because I was leaving my close circle of gal pals behind; I had not received any awards for my Talents (only a star pin for my grades; Art Counts Greatly Too), and that my family and I were moving back to Seriously Lame Ruckersville).
I had been very lonely and growing depressed, and it became worse and worse after Mary Lee Walsh, followed by Michael John Snyder, Megan Schroeder, and one or numerously at a time, the damn Trolls/Cyber-Bullies.
I do not behave badly unless ONLY I am awfully provoked. I started my Sweetheart Search the best way I could while working around my great shyness and Autism. I was not soliciting, and I seriously and certainly never had sex on the mind during my trials at all. Mary Lee Walsh interprets Solicitation, and gives me a most difficult time. Left me alone; nothing would have happened. She provoked; I retaliated by making her a Witch in my pages, as well as Cursing her in her face (not obscene language; a full on "Curse-Ye-Ha-Me-Ha" energy attack; no punches or kicks or physical harm). Years later, I felt forgiving, and I personally went back to PVCC to apologize to her for the curse, actions and drawing her as a witch. I even drew an apology drawing for her and framed it. The Bitch Witch banns me forever from PVCC with a damn trespass notice with no priors.
Megan Schroeder: Shortly after taking up Yu-Gi-Oh card game, I laid eyes on her and fell in love. Introductions and all were made. Two Years, I had been Nothing But Kind, Compassionate and Understanding to her. I bought her things off of eBay; she "paid" me back in her collectible toys, a DVD anime or two, manga and a bag of Lego parts one time; no cash. I even paid $200 for a Zune at her request (Christmas present, I think). What does she do later? Mid October Friday, 2007, she makes out with her Fake Boyfriend who was a god damned homo. And shortly after the same night, I was playing a Pok'emon card game; she sends Daniel Mimms and Lucas White to take an unapproved photograph of me and upload it onto a malhumor website forum page, which leads to the damn Encyclopedia Dramatica page and the Whole Damn Online Hate and Smear Campaign against me. And behind my back, consorts with Michael Snyder to work online with the Trolls and search for an excuse to ban me from the PLace. A few years later, what she did finally hits me, and now I am out for revenge against that "Queen Bee of the Internet Trolls" Bitch. And I see Camouflage Red when I think of her now.
To review: Me vs. Mary Lee Walsh: Who made the First Offensive Move? Mary Lee Walsh did.
Me vs. Michael John Snyder: Who made the First Offensive moves? Michael John Snyder did.
Me vs. Megan Schroeder: Nothing But Kindness from me for over two years. Who makes the heart-shattering offensive move? That German Warfare Cosplaying Bitch did.
Me vs. [redacted]: PAST STRESSORS AND PROVOKINGS made the first offensive move. In other words: Mary Lee Walsh, Megan Schroeder, Michael John Snyder and THEIR WHOLE FREAKING WORLD OF IMMATURE, HATEFUL INTERNET TROLLS AND CYBER-BULLIES!!!!!!
**Sighs and Deep Breaths**
Mental Problems and Stress upon Stress upon Stress upon Stress upon.... Yes. I have them. I had sought psychiatric help, anger management, MRI brain scans, therapies. You tell me rather or not they had worked fully or not. God continues to hate me. I am not an atheist; I believe in God and Jesus. I prayed a lot. God gives me a Lot of Misfortune, sends the Trolls to Stress out and Kill My Father, has Snyder long set up and await my return to the PLace to have me And my Mother arrested and spend a Nightmare Night in Jail and Lawsuit with their False Additions to the Actual Events of that October 28, 2011 night. Fullest Recovery is an impossibility. The only recovery method best recommended is a Time Machine. Back to 1999: inform me that Kellie Andes has some other man, and is not good for me; tell me to go out with Tiffany Gowen. Make sure there are Awards with my name on them to be given during the Seinor Awards Assembly in 2000. Make sure my parents and I never move back to Ruckersville, regardless of not being able to afford to stay. Buy 14 Branchland Ct. Or otherwise, make sure Megan Schroeder and I Never Meet at all.
Please refriend me on Facebook, [redacted]; it seriously breaks my heart all over again to lose a Friend; it is Graduation all over again every time I lose a Friend.
Sent from my iPhone
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
8 September 2013
Got Your Message
[redacted] to ChrisChanSonichu
Christian,
I'm glad to hear that you apologized to [redacted]. That was the best thing for you to do under the circumstances. Hopefully, she is a reasonable person and she will lift the ban and allow you to continue to shop at your local Walmart. I get where you're coming from with the cost of gas (you've seen the pictures of what I drive on my Facebook page). I try to do all of my shopping as close to home as possible.
I'm sorry if my last email seemed a bit harsh. I've been having a rough week and there's been a lot of drama on Facebook lately. There are a lot of things going on in my life right now, and I'm trying to get my business going full-time, so I don't need any drama.
Let me know how things go with [redacted] and I'll think about re-adding you as a Facebook friend. I understand that you've been through a lot, and I sympathize with you. I was just disappointed by the way you handled this. I know that you're a better person than that.
I was also disappointed to hear about your accident at El Agave. What happened? Did that woman hit you, or did you accidentally scrape her car while you were backing up? From your post, it was obvious that you were very upset.
Don't let this stress you out. I've had my share of fender benders. Usually it's a pretty simple matter for the insurance company to deal with and you shouldn't have to do much more than fill out some paperwork, or maybe answer a few questions from the Insurance company. The important thing here is that you weren't hurt. Cars can always be fixed. Not so much with people.
I also wouldn't worry too much about the police being there. They have to fill out an accident report, even if it's just something minor. A lot of insurance companies require any driver involved in an accident, even a minor one, to provide a copy of the accident report as well.
I can sympathize with your dislike of the police, some of them can be real assholes. I've learned the hard way though, that sometimes it's better to just stay calm and keep my mouth shut, or to just keep it simple and say "yes officer" and "no officer" until they let me go. A cop with a bad attitude can really ruin your day (trust me, I know).
So, it looks like we've both had a rough couple of days. I'm not angry at you Christian, I just need a little cooling off period. Try to understand my position. I haven't heard anything about you since high school, and now I'm involved in your Facebook drama. You're not the only one, as I said, I'm just getting a bit tired of the whole thing.
I hope your luck changes for the better and that this is the start of a better, happier, more productive week for you.
9 September 2013
Re: Got Your Message
Christian Weston Chandler to you
I will make a "Most Trusted" post on what happens with Wal-Mart. My mother has been informed about that.
I have disappointed myself with a lot of things I did; mostly the questionable videos I was tricked into doing by the Trolls that are on YouTube or wherever, long out of my grasp.
The accident was bumper scratches; smokers are going to be harsh and grumpiest. I have never smoked. The details have been sorted out by my State Farm rep.
I get your difficult time: transitions in your own business and jobs are all enduring chores.
I continue to take my medications for my anxieties and blood pressure.
In my rounding up our classmates, I did not expect your offer to take up helping me bust the Trolls and bad people who have been bothering me. I mean, first impressions on my end when i first read it: "Shady" was a word that came to mind. But then you elaborated further, which was good. Every person has their own bunch of stress and problems. I would not encourage. Googling my name, but the hundreds to thousands of insulting, hate-filled and embarrassing content and stuff; me, being the subject and the Prime of all that... Not to mention all of the stories: true, exaggerated, slandered, and false/fabricated; all of the "Dramadaries"... It ends up sounding obvious that emotions will rise in my head near or most daily.
Soldier, you volunteered and offered your services, care, understanding and friendship (granted, I was the one who sent the request, because we are of the same school class blood (blood being metaphoric), and we are of the same generation. You have the right to unvolunteer, but I have seen you as a true and great friend in your genuine responses to my problems. And I am truly blessed to have you as my friend now, in my difficult times, among everyone else who here all care as well. Not a lot of people would do that in this corrupted world.
From my perspective, I hardly remembered most of my classmates, aside from my closest friends, and yet to hear it from you that I was remembered, and even better from more of the School Class Blood that I was little or none acquainted with as well, They remembered me too. And to learn this after more than a decade is not only flattering to me, but it emotionally goes a lot deeper. Learning that I actually had more than an inkling of popularity, when for the long time, I had understood and accepted that I was hardly popular. And I had missed out on a Lot during the MHS years. I did not join any clubs, I did not date any girls (Yet I was good friends and was friendly with a number of them. I was really Naive on the subject of Dating), no "wild Spring Breaks". I was not invited to many parties. Kellie Andes invited me to her 18th. I went to Seinor Prom with my mother, and Tiffany Gowen asks me to dance. Popularity was another subject I was Naive or unaware of. A couple of times, in the hallway, I was even slapped on my butt by a black girl; I turned her into Mr. Don Skeen. I interpreted it similar to sexual harassment, but I did not comprehend that it might have meant a crush interest. I never knew her, or her name.
But I digress. You are right to feel overwhelmed in response to my drama. Anyone who has just become friends with anyone will feel that way upon the initial or eventual small or great drama of one or the other's life. I feel the same kind of overwhelming emotions from learning my unknown popularity level. I am elated on one hand, and in the other, I feel sad, because there were a number of things and perks I learned from TV and movies that Popular People tend to get (up to the point where it all goes to their heads and gets them corrupted); perks and blessings that the unpopular would have wished for. And that the naive hardly would become aware of.
The online (worldwide) popularity of my Sonichu and Rosechu (and city of Cwcville, VA) had become far too overwhelming for me to bear. Especially the input from all of the Trolls, Cyber-Bullies and Bad People, Jerkops, Mary Lee Walsh, Michael John Snyder, Megan Schroeder, etc. I was not mentally designed or capable of coping with such a high popularity.
Do you understand a point I'm trying to make, because I did have a point to make earlier, or I thought I did,... But my thoughts were interrupted. I really hate when that happens.
A question set comes to my mind that I believe I would appreciate an answer to, and please pass it around to the other classmates as well.
How Popular was I, Christian Weston Chandler (appoledo espan~ol, Ricardo)? (I picked out the nickname for my first Spanish Class out of two). Was I considered at least cute by the girls (women now)? What kind of group, or click, was I believed, or appeared to be, belonging to? What characteristics, deeds, or created items from my hands and mind, contributed to the school popularity?
Hell, with my brain, these questions and issues and whatnot, I'm as popular as Derpy Hooves. I do sympathize with her and her impairments. And she is really cute and appealing in her own way.
Anyway, I still deeply care a lot about everyone who cares about me as well, as well all of my friends and family. Our Millennium MHS Class; I consider everyone, regardless of current status, situation or whatever, and especially regardless of lack of acquaintanceship on my part; all my family that I am looking to bring together in Good Friendship and for our Family Photo that is our Reunion.
The "Equestria Girls" movie and the Lego Friends High School building set have really started turning my life around in inspiring me to begin the rounding up beginning of August. For Everybody, I highly recommend the movie. Commercial as it may be, it is truly inspirational in its message of Seeking Friendship, or forever being alone. And even better the Cafeteria Song is like a Uniting Pep Rally Song that just really brought me up from the deepest of depression, sadness and loneliness.
I'll wrap it up for now, and I will copy my popularity questions onto my timeline for High School Only. Thank you for listening and caring,
Sent from my iPhoneStay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
Honesty and Integrity
10 September 2013
Until We've Reached An Understanding
[redacted] to ChrisChanSonichu
Christian,
Before I take the time and effort to compose a well thought out response to your last email, I want to make one thing very clear. Any feedback you get from me will be very honest and up-front. Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential if you want to be a success in life, and the first step to achieving that success is to learn to be honest with yourself. As a grown man, I'm certain that you're capable of processing frank and honest feedback. if you're not that person, then I'm afraid we don't have much to talk about and we should probably call it a day right here.
I would also like to limit our conversations to email until such time as we've reached an understanding between us. Please don't bother me with Facebook private messages. As it is, I'm taking a break from Facebook for a few days. It's lost its allure for me, at least for now, with all the recent drama. This is also a very busy time for me with the new business and most of my time is occupied with trying to get all of the essential tasks marked off on my "to do" list. I will reply to your emails when I get a spare moment during the day.
Christian, I know that it might seem like I'm being tough on you, but I'm holding firm in order to try and help you. Besides, I can't be friends with someone that I don't respect, and after the way you conducted yourself at Walmart, my respect for you dropped a few notches. As I said in my earlier email, let's try to have a conversation like two adult men, and see where this goes.
One last thing. I'm not going to re-friend you on Facebook just so that I can read about the outcome of your confrontation with [redacted]. If you don't want to share that information with me, then that's your choice.
10 September 2013
Re: Until We've Reached An Understanding
Christian Weston Chandler to you
I understand; Honesty and Integrity are essential parts of any friendship. As long as I do get the moment to take a deep breath and collect myself, I am fairly to well capable of accepting and processing frank and stern feedback.
I will inform you via email what finishes with [redacted] when it happens. I did not mean that the response would be exclusive to my timeline; you are a most valued friend and honorable family to me, regardless of a Social Media. I deeply apologize for instigating feelings of lost respect unto you with my emotional outbursts and actions unto the other person.
You take your time to do everything in your life that has to be done. Respond when you are able. We are individual people who each needs our own space and time to ourselves. I respect and understand that.
Thank you for continuing to be my friend, [redacted].
Sent from my iPhoneStay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
17 September 2013
From: Christian Weston Chandler
To: [redacted]
Sent: Tue, Sep 17, 2013 4:20 pm
Subject: Hey
Unfortunately, I have not heard from [redacted]. And my mother has been waiting for a "cooling period" to pass before calling to meet and use her savvy business woman prowess to further make amends to my misdeed. Yeah, nothing has happened yet.
I am not relying on my mother to do everything for me, but she is a lot better at that sort of business thing than I am. Sarah recently shared a link of a story about us Generation Y children. I don't know about your child rearing, but apparently I AM a Yuppieing Gypsy. I'll copy/paste the link below.
Sent from my iPhone
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
17 September 2013
Re: Hey,
[redacted] to chrischansonichu
Christian,
Well, if it were me, I would go in and talk to [redacted] myself. I've always been a firm believer in taking responsibility for my own actions.
Still, I suppose you have your reasons for having your mother handle this. If she can somehow manage to talk your way out of trouble when, if you'll pardon my being blunt, you so obviously broke the law, then she must have some savvy business woman powers indeed.
Good Luck,
[redacted]
The past comes back to bite Chris
27 September 2013
repeating (if not originals received)
Christian Weston Chandler to you
I was having trouble sending emails now here, so flaw there if y'all get two copies of the same forwarded messages. And if [redacted] got my original preface message, Good. Because I'm not sure if I can retype the whole thing from memory.
But, yeah, in a nutshell: Mimms is spreading the one Megan and Me drawing I drew in self-heterosexuality-fact-defense. Sarah Bevel got wind of that, yeah. Mimms is bringing Snyder into this war battle. Mimms has the MHS roster list, thanks to Brad.
With Snyder: I will never mention his name in the elaborative post about Megan an mine history I will be typing up on Facebook later. I will and have not contacted Snyder, as well as ever reply to any and all contacts from him directly or indirectly. [redacted] and [redacted] Only If Required should either of you contact Snyder. I have never provided his contact information and never will; you both would be contacting him of your free will; I have not and will never ever ask or encourage any contact with Snyder upon you two or Anyone.
The fight for taking down hate filled websites and pages; to clear my good name; to help me find peace of mind... It is a Great Online War.
*sigh*
I continue to bear my burdens, but all of this is emotionally and mentally too much for me.
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler.
27 September 2013
From: Christian Chandler
To: [redacted]
Sent: Fri, Sep 27, 2013 2:51 am
Subject: I've just
posted my story, and I've checked my Friends List. There's only one [redacted]. Y'all may want to go thank him for leaking the MHS roster images to Mimms and the Trolls.
Stay Safe with Peace,
Christian W. Chandler
(sent from my iPod)
27 September 2013
Re: I've just
[redacted] to ChrisChanSonichu
Leave me out of this. Those sites and the so-called trolls are your problem. This isn't high school anymore. You need to grow up and start learning how to deal with your own problems. You're an adult, it's time to start acting like one. Also, your Facebook friends aren't part of some personal army.
I saw that picture. You're not getting any sympathy from me. What the hell were you thinking?
At this point, Chris forwarded to his friend a copy of the missive he left on Facebook explaining why he drew ShecameforCWC.JPG.
28 September 2013
Re: I've just
[redacted] to chrischansonichu
You obviously didn't even bother to read my last reply. I told you to leave me out of your personal drama. Those websites and the so-called trolls are your problem. This isn't high school anymore. You're an adult now and it's time you started acting like one. Be a man and learn how to fight your own battles.
And stop posting ugly comments about that poor woman Megan. You're lucky I'm not her husband, boyfriend, father or brother. I would have hunted you down and kicked your ass if you drew something like that about a woman I loved and cared for. Anyone who would draw something like that obviously has some serious mental health issues.
Lost Lies
On 30 October, Chris was forwarded an email supposedly written by his former gal pal Sarah Bevel. This made him so upset that, according to him, he considered suicide. He demanded that his friends come to his house to comfort him.
1 November 2013
Leave This Facebook Thing Alone
You've already lost one friend over this. Do you really want to lose any more? Trust me, just leave this alone. You're already on thin ice with someone else, but I'm not going to mention that person's name because it's not my place to speak for them.
I'm not driving all the way over to your house. I'm sending you this email as a favor. If you choose to ignore it, that's up to you.
BTW, Demanding that people come to your house to apologize to you isn't helping your case either. Nobody has anything to apologize for.
1 November 2013
From: chrischansonichu
To: [redacted]
Sent: Fri, Nov 1, 2013 4:27 pm
Subject: Re: Leave This Facebook Thing Alone
Tell that to Sarah Bevel who turned my memories of High School Friendships into lost lies.
Sent from my iPhone
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
1 November 2013
Re: Leave This Facebook Thing Alone
[redacted] to chrischansonichu
That email was obviously meant to be between you and Sarah. You were the one who decided to broadcast it all over Facebook, not her. She didn't twist your arm to force you to post it. As far as her ruining your high school memories, do you really think it would be better to continue living a lie? Accept this revelation for what it's worth, try to learn something from it, and get on with your life. We all have to learn to deal with disappointments at some time in our lives. It's all part of being an adult. If this is the worst disappointment you ever have to face, then consider yourself lucky. Other people have gone through much worse, yet they somehow managed to put it all behind them and move on. This isn't the end of the world, stop acting like it is.
Chris can't get his act together
12 November 2013
Your 911 Video
[redacted] to ChrisChanSonichu
Christian,
Someone sent me a video that shows you mocking the World Trade Center attacks of September 11, 2001? Before you start, I don't care if you think the person who sent me this was a "troll". What concerns me is that you made a video mocking the worst terrorist attack on US soil and a national tragedy. You're already on thin ice as it is with a lot of people over that rape fantasy porn you drew of your former friend. Nobody is buying your apology. You claim to be sorry for what you did to this woman, and yet you put her in detention in your Lego high school video. Yes, I saw the video, a lot of us did (whether we wanted to or not). Pestering people with private messages isn't going to endear you to anyone. People are having just as bad, if not a worse reaction to your 911 video. What is the matter with you that you could do something like this? You do know that there are MHS alumni who are or have been in the military and / or have families or friends that are in the military. How do you think watching that video made them feel?
Didn't your father serve in the military? By all accounts he was a good, hard working, patriotic American; how do you think that video would have made him feel? I was especially upset to view this video today - Veteran's Day.
Every time I consider giving you a second chance, I learn something about you that is even more disturbing than the things I already knew. If you want to have - and keep friends, you're going to have to get your act together. I don't know how many other people have seen your 911 video. It was actually another MHS person sent it to me. You might want to start thinking about how you're going to explain yourself.
12 November 2013
From: chrischansonichu
To: [redacted]
Sent: Tue, Nov 12, 2013 1:47 pm
Subject: Re: Your 911 Video
I had no intention of making any sort of mockery of the 9/11 events. I do not recollect the specific details of the video at this moment.
I have a lot of missing links in my brain from the Autism. My heart still continues to hurt from the recent truths Sarah Bevel stated about how her friendship for me was pity-based, and how she and Tiffany would never want a thing to do with me. My CLOSEST Gal Pals! I AM in general a good person, regardless of what Daniel Mimms, Lucas White, the Trolls and everyone else who before a couple of months ago had long hated me for the sake of hatred.
I am most unable to get any "act" together, because my I have some ADD and OCD in my brain; it becomes difficult for me to concentrate one thing for an extended amount of time, unless I really think hard about it. I am not a smoker; I have not had any alcohol in months; I am on prescribed anxiety and blood pressure medications; my father has been dead; my mother drives me crazy sometimes; I have my responsible obligations at home; I am very lonely; no one outside of my house will give me the time of day or in-person emotional consolation and comfort... And you and everyone else want to judge me based on impulsive stuff I made during the bunch of years I was being bullied in attempts to get even with them, getting the websites down, and so I can find emotional Peace, even though they are considered "shooting myself in the foot" moves?!
GOD! DAMN IT ALL!!!
Sent from my iPhone
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=MHS_classmate_E-mails&oldid=308006"