Title: Mia Hamm
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Mia_Hamm
Categories: Honest Articles, Things bought with taxpayer money, People Chris has had Sex with, Millennial Generation, People from the United States, People from Virginia
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!The contents of this page have been bought with taxpayer money!
“
And those- Those memories build towards the true love. And honest- in the honest emotions that have to occur during that relationship. Because without the emo- because without the true love and honest emotions, it's just about as meaningless as sex with a prostitute.
”
Chris, back in 2009[1]
“
I came within seven minutes both of those times.
”
Chris on sex with Mia[2]
“
My body, however, felt like it was being used and not fully appreciated. It even took a massive hit when I considered that time in ‘12 when I had sex with that woman, Just to lose my virginity and get it over with.
”
Also Chris on sex with Mia.[2]
Mia Hamm after reading this article.
Mia Hamm (born c. 1987-1992) is the pseudonym of the woman Chris finally completed his Fuck Quest with, relieving him of his status as a virgin with rage. Named after the former soccer player of the same name, she is a boyfriend-free hooker who advertised herself on Backpage.com - a site seized by the feds in 2018 for sex trafficking ties.[3] Chris paid for an hour with her in April 2012, which cost him $150 of his tugboat, and later had sex with her again the following month.
He chose to have intercourse with her despite his previous statements that he would not hire a prostitute because it would render the act of sex meaningless. His decision was motivated by a fear of going to jail for an incident that took place in October 2011, although prostitution is also illegal in Virginia.
In May, Chris told his mother Barbara Chandler about having gone to a prostitute, and he claimed that her response was, "I would have had sex with you myself, Christian."[4]
Details about Mia were revealed publicly in a text document Chris sent Renee. The document was originally an email given to an unidentified individual who provided Chris with Mia's Backpage ad. While Chris is no longer a virgin, he still has rage, albeit not to the same extent, and it doesn't seem like getting laid solved Chris's deep-seated problems like he expected it to.
Contents
1 Description
2 Chris's account of their meeting
2.1 Fantasy vs. Reality
3 See also
4 References
Description
What probably happened.
“
I need some sex. I am no different from everyone else on that topic. I get horny. I think about it OFTEN. I'm dreaming of inserting my rod 'A' into female slot 'V'; followed by some lost genetics. Being an Adult Virgin SUCKS! Abstinance is a Joke. I am lonely. I am tired of being ignored and overlooked inbpublic by women. I Need Some Sex.
”
Chris on Facebook, shortly before the sexual encounter was arranged.[5]
Chris describes Mia as a black-haired, blue-eyed woman of 24, although her ad claimed she was 20. She has an "average" figure with C-cup breasts. Her personality is described as "nice, likeable, and down to earth." She has piercings on her lip, tongue, and nipples. She is half-Cherokee as well, which Chris enjoyed. Mia has two daughters to a man who abandoned her. Given her young age and the fact that Chris states that she had them "years ago," this could possibly mean that Mia was a teenage mother. The girls stay with their grandmother. Mia travels from town-to-town and is attempting to get an education to give herself and her daughters a better future, and told Chris that her escort service is just "a quick spot of cash for her." While working in Charlottesville, she serviced her clients at a Days Inn hotel.
Mia appears to have since quit the escort business, as she took her ad down by May 27,[6] five days after her last known posting and no subsequent ads by her can be found. The title of her last ad read "Just arrived MIA Hamm¡¡¡¡§pec@ils all day & night – 20," and it included a picture. However, the ad itself is unfortunately irretrievable, so its contents are unknown.
As for Chris, aside from a brief raising of his spirits (among other things) and getting a little ego boost from having "done it", the sexual encounters that he had with Mia did little to lift him out of his state of depression at the time. In the years since the time he got laid, Chris has been largely uninterested in hiring further prostitutes and has gone back and forth between wanting an actual romantic companion and being satisfied with either enjoying his self-proclaimed marriage to fictional characters and/or screwing his mother.
Chris's account of their meeting
Chris bragging about how he paid for sex.
“
Oh, I forgot to mention, she Really Enjoyed my dick; it was soo big and good, that it put the last dude she was with to shame; Her Words.
”
Chris on Facebook, unaware that hookers typically tell clients things they want to hear
After recieving Backpage ads of escorts from his unknown contact, Chris drove to the Days Inn located between Route 29 and Route 250 to have sex with one of them. Mia was not Chris' original choice and was actually the third escort he contacted. "Riley," the one he intended to have sex with, never responded to his calls, and "Kristen," his next choice, was unavailable. Chris then decided to call Mia, who was able to see him and told Chris she could be found in room 338.
Upon entering her room at 4:30 PM, Chris could tell that Mia had been smoking weed, which made him uncomfortable. He calmed down, however, after smelling hand sanitizer. They stripped for each other, and "communicated good throughout." At Mia's insistence, Chris wore a green-apple-flavored condom. She applied it to him with her mouth, and then began to give him a blowjob. Chris enjoyed it, and stated that her tongue piercing added to the pleasure of the experience. Afterward, she laid beside Chris on the bed and they began feeling each other up. Chris described her china as feeling "really good," and he found her clitoris, though Mia did not allow him to finger her. They began making out (but no tongue), and then Chris gave her a massage that he also gives Barb, which he claims she enjoyed. Then, Chris informed her that he was ready for hanky-panky. He "requested Cowgirl, with possible missionary later," though this did not happen.
“
Her pelvic thrusts were amazing; her pussy was tight, even after pushing two daughters out of there years ago. And I supported her thrusts with my hands on her knees, weaving back and forth. I also gave her breasts a good thrusting. I felt her front pelvic bone, which really made the top of the game. She came and I came, but on my coming, it was only half-felt. And the semen that was mostly inside, but a smidge on the outside of the condom, confirmed it.
”
Chris describing his first time
Afterward, Chris washed his duck with a washcloth he had brought with him. They spent the rest of their time conversing, and Chris gave Mia a gift basket containing "three apples, lavender air-freshener, breath mints, a 4-gig flash drive with the track sets of the 1990 WTJU jazz marathon, Teenage Dream and Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You) album tracks, and a Hello Kitty Pez Dispenser."[7] Mia told him a bit about her background, and Chris talked to her about the trolls. He also talked to her about Family Guy and South Park before her clock chimed, indicating that her next appointment was arriving. Chris promised that he would call her later, which he did at around 6:30. Mia had already finished with her next client, and told Chris that he was a disappointment to her. She said that the man's penis was smaller than Chris's and that it was a "wiener in a hallway" situation. Very soon after, Chris posted on Facebook that he was no longer a virgin. He taunted trolls with the fact that the only people who would ever know the full story would be himself, Mia (whose alias he did not mention), the person who put him in contact with her, and his future sweetheart. Apparently, Chris sees no problem with telling a potential girlfriend that he had his first sexual encounter with a prostitute, and expects them to be completely okay with this. Chris saw her again the following month, though the details of their second encounter are unknown. Mia appears to have left the escort business very soon after her second meeting with Chris, meaning that he would have been one of her last clients. What became of her afterwards is unknown.
Fantasy vs. Reality
Given what we know about Chris, there is a strong possibility that this is not the TRUE and HONEST version of what happened. Chris paints himself as being unrealistically competent at sex for a virgin whose only prior knowledge of it comes from pornography. Additionally, Chris describes the incident as going off without a hitch, which is highly unlikely for a number of reasons, the most obvious of which is his horrifically bent duck. It is highly likely that Chris is omitting unflattering details or making up flattering ones to make himself look better. Chris's notion that Mia enjoyed the experience probably stems from the fact that prostitutes often pay their clients compliments, because it helps them make money to do so. Chris would probably be naïve enough to believe that she was being sincere, or he could just be telling himself that she was in order to serve his already massive ego.
In response to speculation about the event on the Chris discussion board CWCki Forums, former troll Alec Benson Leary wrote:
“
Yeah... jesus people, let me ask (those of you who aren't virgins) a question: What was the least interesting time you had sex like? Chris's hookertime was a tenth as interesting as that. He lay down, the hooker got on top and rode him for a little bit, then Chris decided his life was better than it was a day previously. The end.
”
Alec Benson Leary on the CWCki Forums, 30 July 2014.[8]
See also
Hooker incident - Chris's first (and decidedly less pleasant) experience with hookers
Prostitution
Kimmi, Officer Nasty, and his PS3 - Chris's previous sex partners
For Julie's Eyes Only - Chris's sex tape
Carlos Chantor - Chris's first prostitution attempt (male)
Stephanie Bustcakes - Chris's second prostitution attempt (female)
References
↑ Mumble 4
↑ 2.0 2.1 Masturbation discussions
↑ Confirmation of Backpage
↑ Jail Letter - 11 May 2022
↑ Facebook
↑ http://web.archive.org/web/20120527155707/http://charlottesville.backpage.com/online/classifieds/AdNotFound?category=4443
↑ LoveYouLongTime E-mails, 2011-2012
↑ CWCki Forums posts (Alec)#Mia Hamm
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Mia_Hamm&oldid=347540"