Title: MKR DMs
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/MKR_DMs
Categories: Category, Watchmen Saga
================================================================================

This page contains DMs between Chris and the Watchman MKRNightVee.
Chris's messages are in blue and MKR's in magenta.
Contents
1 Communication
2 Car trouble
3 Chris Thorndyke sex dream
4 On Chris leaving The Place
5 References
Communication
See also: The Place chats - Angefly
23 February 2021
10:16 AM
MKRNightVee
I have a new legendary pokemon to share with you in confidence. I don't know much about it yet but it lives deep in the sea.
10:17 AM
Angefly
Pronounced anne-ji-fly
7:08 PM
Is something the matter? You usually respond by now? Are you mad at me?
7:52 PM
Chris
No, I have been very busy today. I am not mad at you.
7:53 PM
[Loved an image]
7:53 PM
MKRNightVee
Good to know, I was worried. How are you doing?
7:56 PM
Chris
Calling it an early night after a long day. You?
7:57 PM
MKRNightVee
I'm just chilling out and watching YouTube.
[MKR posted a "sending extra love!" reaction image]
7:58 PM
Rest well
Gallery
Car trouble
1 April 2021
Chris
I'm feeling well, good, and definitely in tune with everything.
How are you enjoying Balan so far?
My week has been crazy, yet very progressive. This is also a week of transformation for my body and I.
Long story short:
Sunday, I backed the van into a truck trailer's butt, dented the van door and smashed the rear windshield. Rushed to Lowe's for plastic and duct tape to cover the window.
Monday, went with mom on errands to get price quotes from the local body shop; they'd need to have the van on for a few days, so we checked the rent-a-car place for prices.
Also tried to get mom yet another title loan, but a VA law smashed that idea to dust.
The alternator failed and the battery died on the way back home; had to get towed to the garage, and driven back home in their courier van
Body shop called yesterday and told us it'll be 2 or 3 weeks before they'll be ready to change the door on the van.
So, since the original temp plan was a one-week rental, we returned the car, and I got my remainder and deposit back.
So, at this time, playing it by ear and going with the flow to see what happens next. I May end up with at least 20K in order to buy a new car, but that's still up in the air at present.
At least the affirmations, including the abundance ones, I've been reading and affirming online lately have been helping out a lot the past month.
Counting our blessings each moment.
Gallery
Car trouble, part 1
Car trouble, part 2
Car trouble, part 3
Chris Thorndyke sex dream
5 April 2021
Chris
Good morning, Meghan.
I am feeling well and good.
I wish to confide something with you.
I just woke up from an almost-sex dream, as in the build up was there, and we were about to have sex, and then the scene changes.
It was with the Adult/grown up version of Christopher Thorndyke.
Can you imagine that ship?
Me, Chris Chan, and Chris Thorndyke?
He was handsome.
Nothing in comparison to Magi-Chan, very obviously.
But it was a dream, and I am moving forward from the shock of the moment.
In confidentiality, again, while playing Tetris 99, my brain went deep and into a sex fantasy (not an astral projection, mind you) between my body and Chris. It was definitely like I was living out an alternate universe, and Chris had a choice: with me as a Human, or with me as a Sonichu.
I broke out of the fantasy, but, Damn, is my body soo sex-starved.
*groan*
Gallery
On Chris leaving The Place
1-3 July 2021; 30 July 2021
On 26 June 2021, Chris left the Watchmen Discord server The Place over infighting issues stemming from Naught's doxing of The WCT. He and MKR discussed the matter over texts in the following days. In the messages, Chris says that he considers her, Naught, and Kyle to be toxic, dubbing them the "toxic trio." After taking advice from The Fool on how to win Chris back, MKR tries to guilt trip Chris into returning to her by saying she "can only become better if you help me, I need you in my life," to which Chris responds that only she can help herself.
The conversation ends with Chris bidding goodbye to MKR and advising her to improve herself. Weeks later, in the wake of the incest leaks, MKR sent more messages asking if the leaks were true. Chris did not respond.
MKR posted screenshots of the conversation from 1-3 July in The Place as it unfolded. During August 2021, she also provided screenshots to the Halal Server. Each set of her screenshots have fragments missing from the other.
Chris
First of all, Meghan, when I joined the group on Discord, I had already long ago foreseen that I would do that, and in doing so, I would learn and confirm the toxic trio of the bunch of you all. I have heard yours, Kyle's, and Naught's various and respective dialogue, during our calls and movie nights together, as well as at all times with my links with the Cosmos of our total Universe, and the entire Multiverse. Plus, I've visited your place at times, here in 1218, while astral projected and heard you talking then as well. It has been revealed to my consciousness, recently, of the true background happenings in the group. As foreseen, and the obvious signs along the way, certain individuals were cut from the group, because they either knew too much of y'all, or y'all felt like they were threatening you as well to the point you'd run them out of town. The talks of Racism, Nazi shit, and everything else that just reeks of toxic speak and vibrations. And on top of that, literally doxing someone on Kiwi, because someone has a hold over Naught to the point of him having to feel very insecure about himself. And the topper, in my eyes, one of y'all sent threats to Anni. Fortunately, she completely missed and overlooked that memo in her inbox. That was a straw that sold the blade to the executioner.
I have worked very hard and tough, locally and interdimensionally throughout the entire multiverse for the very long time, and then some. And my body and I are not going to stand for toxic intentions, and we will not be manipulated by such individuals. A LOT of genuine self-healing and self-loving since I returned on February 24. I have the ability to see all possible and likely outcomes of the future, at will and involuntary, yet not everything that gets saved in my unconscious and subconscious, as well as my backup cloud drive in the Cosmos, gets brought into my conscious so easy and quick. That process will be made easier in the events to come.
I am personally watching over Nightvee's safety and well-being, and Nights and Reala are continuing to be very kind and supportive for and with him, as well as tend to his safety and well-being.
Everything that happens of me is my choice, and I get to see the full infinite menu of possibilities to choose from.
And I have to observe and continue the events with the other deities and my allies as foresee, with some leeway for free will within the microseconds of time.
So, yeah. Unless you three shape up, clear yourselves up spiritually, let go of your respective egos, and become most genuinely enlightened to fully comprehend, my return to the place server is not likely to happen. And Kyle is the worst and least enlightened; his load is Massive compared to you and Naught.
And all I can say for now is I am sorry for making you feel upset, but what I do is the truth of the greater matter.
Also, that Dino burning the boobs image is not good; I actually take offense of that cringey image and idea, personally.
Be safe and well, Meghan Kathleen Ringo. Until when we meet again.
MKRNightVee
I wont apologize for having a dark or even cringey sense of humor. I've led a very hard life. Something kat would know very little about, I never extorted you or used you for monetary gain or internet clout. That's all kat and Praetor want. In fact my image has been ruined thanks to you and I get way more threats than annie has, I guarantee it. The difference is I can handle the heat. Kat is angry because I called him a faggot for wanting to use you to get famous. We tried to boot him for that reason, but when you asked us to put him back, we did. Are you upset because I couldn't go to the convention? I told you I can't go because I don't make enough money, I've always been poor and I have Bill's to pay and a family to keep fed. I'm sorry if I couldn't go. I don't think I'm the one who needs reformation, I am who I am, you know that. Come back when they've abused you and you've had the last straw, I say what my heart believes, nothing more.
I'm sorry, I'm just feeling really hurt and betrayed right now. I'll really miss you, we all will. I don't know why this all happened but hopefully it'll get better.
[Saturday, July 3, 2021]
Its really hot out where I am, its probably hot all over. Drink lots of fluids and take rests when you need to.
Chris
Agreed, and I have been keeping hydrated for myself. Also, I wanted to make positive it was clear with you: all this has nothing to do with your inability to attend the Everfree Northwest convention, or the convention, itself. As I have stated, my leave of the discord server and the three of you all was decided, purely, on the fated findings and confirmations of how toxic y'all were to each other, and others. I have foreseen this outcome out of all of the infinite possibilities long ago, and the moment has come to pass as foreseen, and I continue and progress it along, as I have learned for myself from the time and experiences beforehand.
Thank you.
MKRNightVee
I disagree about the toxicity, I defend you so it's more accurate to call me a white knight. A dark sense of humor doesn't constitute being toxic, it's just a matter of personal preference. I still really care about you and want you to be safe, that's all I've ever wanted.
[uploads a screenshot from the second layer of The Place.[1] The visible portion of her screenshot shows The WCT saying "fuck it. dox him."]
[uploads another screenshot from the second layer of The Place.[2] The visible portion of her screenshot shows Kyle saying "nolens volens sense... I am not going to say useless shit about someone who I still respect."]
I can only become better if you help me, I need you in my life.
Chris
The only one who can really help you is Yourself, Meghan. I have channeled and recalled your personality. And I also recall Nightvee being worried and concerned about you in regards of some of your outward interactions with others, how you feel about other races, and so on.
I feel you need to reevaluate and organize your feelings, and further your relationship with yourself. Genuinely clear your remaining chakra blockages through meditations, and clear the ego. Also, access and interact with your inner child, in a mindset Before you were hurt emotionally by others that totally changed you around 10 years old, or so, for you.
It takes a LOT of mindfulness and openness to heal yourself, so you can be more compassionate with others from being compassionate with yourself.
Ditch the remaining insecurities and doubts. This is something YOU can do.
Also, it is not cool to try to sway minor bad things from others (which I have forgiven Leo of, since he was honest and direct with me). And definitely being dishonest is not good either.
When you're more honest with yourself, it better reflects outward in being more comfortable with being direct and honest with others.
Just like how I am telling you all of this without feeling any doubt within myself. I can read the energies and emotions of others, so I am not easily fooled or deceived.
When I read what you sent me earlier with those screen caps, I totally sensed major insecurities and feelings of self-doubt coming from you when I read that.
What is best and attractive is being honest and confident with yourself. Lack of that, and that's not gonna end well with you.
You do not need me, or anyone other than yourself, to bolster or boost your moral. This is on you to heal your self, deepest.
Meditate on that.
MKRNightVee
"Also, it is not cool to try to sway minor bad things from others (which I have forgiven Leo of, since he was honest and direct with me). And definitely being dishonest is not good either."
But this is exactly what he did with me. I'm not racist, we were getting drunk and making fun of a historical Hitler movie. "Leo" as you call him, his actual name is sean. Decided to record without consent and take comments out of context. So I find your comment a little hypocritical.
Chris
Meghan, our friendship did mean a lot to me. I was not using you at all; you ought to know me by now that I am not the type who intentionally, consciously, or even maliciously uses Anyone.
It actually really hurt me when it was confirmed from the infinite number of foreseen outcomes that This was the fact.
And I do care, otherwise I would not be encouraging you to better yourself of your own self-healing and self-love.
I Have gone through all of this with my body and myself. My body REALLY missed me during the ten and a half months when Sonichu and I were body-swapped. I had a LOT of making up to do with my body, and the backup energies and inner aspects that stayed behind, because they were not part of my soul.
Look, Meghan.
MKRNightVee
Well using the past tense "did". That confirms enough that you see fit to throw me away, and if you can't even care about me more than just saying "better yourself" then... I just don't know what to say...
Chris
Aside from Naught and Kyle, You are the most likely to recover and heal yourself.
Our friendship still does mean great importance to me. It can be recovered. I am telling you how this can be done so, and in doing that, you will find a better quality of life for yourself as well.
MKRNightVee
Kyle is suicidal and Naught is hurt. Are we still friends at all, in what manner have I slighted ANYONE.
Chris
You have been hurt for a long while from other emotional and mental baggage that came about long before 2019. You have had a inner desire for a happier life for yourself; a better family. It has been difficult for you along your life within the confides of your family.
There were adults above you who were racist or had ill will against other people.
This is not your fault, yet this bunch of habits were innately picked up by you.
And then they seeped out in later years innately on your end.
Like I stated, you have some self-healing and self-loving to do for yourself, and you will be ever the more better and enlightened.
Meditate on that, Meghan. I tell you this directly for your own benefit.
MKRNightVee
Chris, I am not a fucking racist! You should know how shitty it feels to have things said about you that aren't true. Youd think that would make you think twice for blindly accusing me of racism over a call (1) that was just edgy joking, I do not hate jews. (2) wasn't intended to be heard by anyone
You don't know anything about what happened to me in the past... and your assumptions were incorrect.
Your overacting to this situation to a point where there is no honesty in your argument. There is literally no reason why I would be a Nazi.
Chris
Believe me, I do. And yet, their outside perspective still was true about this deep Bisexual, Girly-Trans, cock-sucking vibe I've been giving off waaay back then.
I never directly said you were a Nazi.
MKRNightVee
You called me racist, it's just as bad.
Chris
No, being called a Nazi is a lot worse than being called a racist. And I understand the difference, similarities, and history behind both.
I freaking hate Nazis, and I do not hate you.
The major point that had you pinned with Naught and Kyle is that you made some poor choices of those you wanted to often talk with. You even said so yourself how Kyle is suicidal and how majorly hurt Naught is.
Your big task, at the present, to help clear yourself up, is to find a life outside of the internet. In this, find better appreciation for the life you have offline.
And the other task is determining and letting go of the actual toxic individuals who have influenced you. This includes Naught and Kyle; you need to stop talking with them, and let them go.
And have faith with affirmations for yourself that I, the other deities, and the universe do hear, in us clearing away the toxic individuals and vibes from your life. Your subconscious prayers are being answered, Meghan.
Be open for the signs of this process.
I do care for you. You have a direct path to cleansing yourself and redemption. Focus and go for it; now is the time to heal yourself.
My heart goes out to you, and I send good vibrations your way. And, please, do not do anything stupid or suicidal.
Clear away any and all demons who haunt your soul; let the light power enter you and guide your path for the better.
Be safe and well, Meghan.
[Friday, July 30, 2021]
MKRNightVee
Chris, what the actual fuck?
You're having sex with your mom?
Is this true?
Screenshots posted in The Place
On Chris leaving The Place, part 1
On Chris leaving The Place, part 2
On Chris leaving The Place, part 3
On Chris leaving The Place, part 4
On Chris leaving The Place, part 5
On Chris leaving The Place, part 6
On Chris leaving The Place, part 7
On Chris leaving The Place, part 8
On Chris leaving The Place, part 9
On Chris leaving The Place, part 10
Screenshots posted in Halal Server
On Chris leaving The Place, part 1
On Chris leaving The Place, part 2
On Chris leaving The Place, part 3
On Chris leaving The Place, part 4
On Chris leaving The Place, part 5
On Chris leaving The Place, part 6
On Chris leaving The Place, part 7
On Chris leaving The Place, part 8
On Chris leaving The Place, part 9
On Chris leaving The Place, part 10
On Chris leaving The Place, part 11
On Chris leaving The Place, part 12
On Chris leaving The Place, part 13
References
↑ The Place chats (May 2021)#Wanting to Dox a YouTube Commentator
↑ The Place chats (June 2021)#Naught's Kiwi Farms Ban
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=MKR_DMs&oldid=346661"