Title: Naught
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Bismuth
Categories: Off Topic articles, Watchmen Saga, Crystalgate, Miscreants Members, Arbitarch Members, Watchmen Members, Millennial Generation, LGBT, People from the United States, People from California
================================================================================

This article or section is
off topic or deviates too much from Christory.Help the CWCki by putting it back on track.
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• The Lainchu Manifesto
Note on Credibility:
Naught has been deemed to be an unreliable narrator for the following reasons:• Naught is a habitual liar and gives contradictory statements.[note 1]• Naught is noted for having delusions of grandeur.[note 2]• Naught will often put his own spin on events that happened, embellish them, or try to demonize people he's interacted with, sometimes leaving out important context.[note 3]• Naught appears to take advantage of his presumed allies, encourages infighting between them, and throws them under the bus when it is most convenient for him.[note 4][note 5]
Bear this in mind, and use healthy skepticism when taking statements from the subject being discussed.
Note on Sockpuppets:
Naught has been known to use sockpuppet accounts. Since it is difficult to discern their sock accounts, it is best to avoid speculating an account belongs to Naught unless fully verified.
“
You brought so much fucking joy to this world and you continue to do so. That's why [...] you need to remain safe.
”
Naught on why he 'protects' Chris.[1]
Naught
Information
Name
Naught
Also known as
BismuthBisCPU Bismuth Heartnittonanashi.❤️heart[note 6]tabula rasa[2]anameisanamedeath of chansNightmareColourTheory.moeToadWCT Hate[3]Ihasnonamenootsnafuzilchatomized-[4]ภคยﻮђՇ[5]W.T.snacks[6]ArchivistNEET Samurailadmin
Gender
MALE
Known for
• Being the self-proclaimed leader of the Watchmen • Being the original Lainchu • Inviting Chris into the Discord Server for the CWCki • Providing numerous Chris related leaks on the CWCki server
• Spreading rumors about various Chris orbiters, including members in his own group
Race
Mixed (White/Asian)
Nationality
American
Occupation
Owner of the The Place server (former)Leader of the Watchmen (former)Administrator of the Onion Farms
Organization
Watchmen
Saga
Jacob, Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Watchmen, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Twilight, Incest
Naught (born 1993),[3] also known as Bismuth and plenty of other pseudonyms, is the former owner of The Place Discord server, before he handed it over to Kyle. As the leader of the Watchmen, Naught monitored, harassed, and sought to dox those he perceived as potential weens or enablers who existed outside of the Watchmen clique, who at the time were also members of his Discord server. Naught was also a prominent contributor to the Watchmen infighting dramas which eventually culminated in both his omission from the group as it re-formed into the Knights of CWC, and Chris cutting ties with him.
Naught went by many usernames - he used "Bismuth" and CPU Bismuth Heart to Chris and used multiple aliases in public postings. While he was in the Official CWCki Server, he often used an emoticon of a heart. For the Kiwi Farms, he went by names/accounts including "anameisaname", "death of chans", "Nightmare".[3], and ".moe".[7] Naught claims to have used at least 22 sockpuppet accounts on Kiwi Farms alone.[8]
When Chris had discussed with Naught and other members of The Place about planning to use one of Praetor's tasers to tase his quartz crystals, Naught, along with MKRNightVee, The WCT, and Kyle, confronted Caden Peck. Naught and MKRNightVee created and pushed rumors that Praetor members wanted to get Chris to tase himself, leaked bits of chats out-of-context regarding the issue to frame Praetor, and even doxed Caden. All of this upset Chris and resulted in him calling The Place members out for it.
He also got in a feud with The WCT, eventually doxing him. This was what made Chris finally decide to leave The Place server, and deeming Naught amongst the "toxic trio".
Contents
1 Trolling years
2 Interactions with Chris
3 As a Watchman
3.1 Midnight Moonflower
3.2 Conflicts with Praetor
4 Chris cuts ties
5 Interviews
5.1 Origins
5.2 History
5.3 Follow-up on Origins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References
Trolling years
According to a thread on Naught co-created by The WCT and another member on the Kiwi Farms splinter site lolcow.org, before becoming an ardent white knight of Chris's, Naught was initially one of Chris's lesser trolls. Naught was allegedly a lesser member of the Miscreants, and it is believed that his voice could be faintly heard in the second half of Mumble 9.[3] The thread had also claimed that Naught had stated regret for trolling Chris in private, though the circumstances at which this happened and/or the private messages themselves are undisclosed, and had been a white knight of Chris's since the mid 2010s.
Interactions with Chris
Avatar of CPU Bismuth Heart.
Chris stated that Naught began interacting with him in late 2019 after approaching him when Chris was creating an expansion pack for lore provided to him by MKRNightVee and Jacob.[9] Naught would roleplay with Chris as the CPU Goddess, Vee, CPU Bismuth Heart, the CPU goddess of the children's educational game console, the V-Smile.
In most conversations between Chris and Naught, Chris had spoken to him about his dreams and delusions. Chris has talked to Naught about all of the surreal dreams that he had all throughout the summer of 2020.[10] Naught had also shown Chris various anime and manga, much of which Chris had implemented in his fantasies.[11] At one point, Naught had recommended the anime series Higurashi to Chris, believing that it would be of interest of him due to the show's use of time travel.
When Chris created a video where he discusses plans to create a will, Chris had shared the video with Naught in a Google Drive on 6 August 2020, and told him not to leak the video. After this, Naught was concerned about the morose implications of the video, and created a CWCki account, Ihasnoname, where he created a page to leak the video on. Naught had also provided commentary and context on a number of transcribed DMs between him and Chris.
An order from a customer, which Naught had posted on the Second Layer of The Place.
Chris, not wanting to deal with customers, had demanded Naught to keep track of orders made for his TSSSF cards and Sonichu comics.[12] In September 2020, Chris had sent the information of 23 of his paying customers when they bought merchandise from him after sending payment information to Naught, which contained the customer's name, address, phone number, and email. Naught then posted the orders including the doxes on the second layer of The Place server, where he had posted pdfs of the Sonichu comics up to Sonichu #13 and a Google Drive of all of Chris's TSSSF cards.[12]
Naught encouraged Chris to go onto the Official CWCki Server in August 2020,[13] roughly a month after the server's creation. On the server, Naught had also leaked a number of posts and photos he found onto the server.
Late in February 2021, Naught had discussed plans with MKRNightVee to get Chris to interact with the lolcow Alexander Gordon Jahans, whom both Naught and MKR had interest in, though no signs of them interacting ever came.[14]
Naught claimed to having been the original player of the Lainchu character,[15] and has hinted at getting Chris interested in the anime the character was based on, Serial Experiments Lain, in a private chat.[16] However, Naught also claims that he passed off the role for "reasons he can't recall".[15]
Chris used Tarot readings to divine Naught's future in April 2021. Naught posted these tarot readings on Onion Farms.[17] In the divine readings, Chris declares that as leader Naught will likely speak up against others on certain topics. The end of the divine readings has Chris telling Naught to "embrace his weirdness".
As a Watchman
“
i curb weens and alogs
”
Naught on his duties as a Watchman, [18]
Naught threatening to "curb" a Discord user.
According to Naught, Owls created The Place, but lost the role at some point due to unrelated drama around his involvement with weens.[19] At some point, Naught became the owner of The Place. On 13 February 2021, Naught stepped down and transferred ownership of The Place to Kyle.[20]
Naught was also in the habit of trying to get fellow Watchmen members to share their Kiwi Farms accounts with him. He made use of Spunky's account, "Thetarotreader96", repurposing it as "death of chans".[21] Naught also tried asking The WCT for his credentials; when The WCT declined, Naught posted his dox in retaliation.
Midnight Moonflower
When they have heard that Chris was a member of her server, Naught, along with several other Watchmen members had raided Midnight Moonflower's Discord server to cut contacts between her and Chris, under the belief that she was a ween, and warning them that they may get doxed due to their association with Chris, while also telling them about his duty to "curb weens and alogs", and that they could potentially get a CWCki page or Kiwi Farms thread.[22]
Conflicts with Praetor
The earliest Chris has been known to discuss Praetor with Naught was on 14 October 2020, where he discusses their interpretation of his Disc Dream, and mentions their plans of him doing a sermon at the Goochland Public Library. Naught replied to the video plans with "Are you sure you're comfortable with doing a video? And was this cadens idea?". When Chris replies to being comfortable with doing the video, Naught had told Chris to be sure that doing so would be "mutually beneficial and reciprocal".[23]
On February 2021, Chris had stated to Kyle that he wished to open an inter-dimensional portal by shocking his Gate Crystal and Celestial Key. Chris had decided that he could do this by asking Praetor for one of their tasers, and state the news to Naught.[24] Naught had then notified members of The Place about these plans, and gathered them up to confront the Praetors themselves.[25]
Afterwards, Naught posted Chris announcing this to him onto Kiwi Farms, while claiming that he was concerned that they were in on a "plot" involving Larry Vaughn which involves getting Chris to tase himself. In Naught's Kiwi Farms post, he alleged that "Caden and cwc as Sonichu prime discuss the tazer and who will be tazed",[26] omitting that Watchmen member Val had brought up the subject and that Caden had objected. The post had also included a voice chat which has been heavily edited to only include specific clips to frame Praetor members for this alleged plan.[27] In the clip, Val states, "Can you put, 'Can CWC- uh, like, tase himself on video for lulz'." Chris then responds, "I'll do it," to which Val bursts out laughing. Praetor member Caden then objects, saying, "Look, are you sure- There- they- like, we had a whole discussion about why it's a bad idea."
Chris cuts ties
Chris cut contact with Naught in June 2021, citing Naught's toxic behavior in doxing fellow Watchman The WCT. The WCT had convinced him to cut ties with Naught, along with MKR and Kyle, who had sided with Naught.[28][29]
Chris texted Null about the matter. Null himself had a falling out with Naught earlier that month, having banned his accounts from Kiwi Farms.[30] Chris told Null he had listened to audio where Naught lied about his role in doxing The WCT, and he concluded that Naught "sounded like he was heavily defending himself and covering something up", although Chris left open the possibility that Naught was being controlled by an external force.
Nonetheless, Chris told Null he decided to leave The Place and mute Naught, MKR, and Kyle's phone numbers. Null responded that it was a good idea.[31]
WCT reformed the Watchmen group into the Knights of CWC, leaving out Naught, MKR, and Kyle.
Naught would eventually publicly admit he had done the dox because WCT had declined to share his Kiwi Farms account with him after Naught had been banned.[32][33]
Interviews
Origins
Guard Dog Marvin disagrees with a claim made by Naught.
The following is a conversation between a Christorian and Naught via Discord; the users are color-coded red and navy blue, respectively. The interview was originally placed on the Watchmen CWCki page but was later removed due to uncorroborated statements made by Naught[34] and is now archived on this page.
Naught claimed that some members of the Watchmen had been operating since 2018, as the spiritual successor to the Guard Dogs – the latter having disbanded around the same time frame. However, Naught's account was disputed by a member of the Guard Dogs.
Naught also claimed that Watchmen members MKRNightVee and AquaDiamond8 were picked by Null. However, MKRNightVee got into contact with Chris through a friend looking up his phone number for her[35] and Aqua joined during the Sockness saga by which time Null had been distant from Chris.
I had a question in my head, if its fine for me to ask, could you tell me how exactly you guys met CWC and when you formed the group
Naught quoted a now-deleted section from the Guard Dogs CWCki article:
Following the incidents at TooManyGames, in which Chris was thrown out of the con for being too handsy with other attendees, Null and several other members of the Guard Dogs began investigating Justin Silverman's account of the situation, intending to find out if Justin had overreacted towards Chris's behaviour. Ultimately, this investigation petered out with no real progress having been made, save for the fact that the Guard Dogs elected people to supervise Chris at any conventions he visited from then on.
Oh, so you guys were picked by Null
Yeah that's why Marvin is there since the captain couldn't stick around but the plan is still the same
Ah, so the captain was in there too but left after a while
Yeah mkr helped get the cwc protect squad out of the way with the fan art for cwc
Screencaps
History
On 4 September 2020, a Christorian interviewed Naught through Discord, asking questions about the Arbitarch CWC Alliance and the origins of the Watchmen. The users are color-coded red and navy blue, respectively.
Who started it and why?
Owls the guy who set-up mkr and Joseph Draft got aqua and mkr to draw some art to lure cwc in.
How did Chris join there?
I was told it was going to be for Chris's patrons.
Why was it killed?
It was killed because owls and Joseph didn't know how to wrangle tards. Mkr aqua were being blamed for making it so I asked for a mod role kept asking for more perms and deleted all the channel's. I posted the rolling and trolling vid.
Who killed it?
I killed it, Joseph and Smokey Chris TheSperge were using the server to gather content, they convinced Joseph I was Johan.
After a 4 hour conversation I got Joseph draft to face dox himself once he destroyed his drive with chris vs the internet.
Why did Aqua leave?
Stress and people @ her on Twitter
Her and mkr are still frens
Will this group be around forever?
As long as Chris is in need or willing yes
Screencaps
Follow-up on Origins
Afterwards, the CWCki Editor Hurtful Truth Level asked Naught to clarify the Watchmen's origins. In a prior interview, Naught had claimed the Watchmen to have been working with the Guard Dogs to supervise Chris at conventions, however a Guard Dog disagreed with the claim. Naught blamed Watchmen founder Owls, claiming the story was what he had been told by Owls.
Are you the one the CWCki calls Naught?
Wanted to ask something clarifying the Watchmen origins if so. There's conflicting statements.
Yes
So you quoted the Guard Dogs article to explain the group origins - a section that said the Dogs elected people to supervise Chris at cons after the TMG disaster. But the editor who put that in since retracted it for lack of source and Marvin said there were no babysitters and that Chris was on his own.
Yeah that's what owls/Ryan told me
He's no longer around he's ghostbird on the farm's
Hmm. Interesting.
That's why I'm around he wasn't reporting back to Marvin
There was something about the footage smokey chris and theSperge
Owl's was the original person behind the group?
He started the place server and was telling mkr and Marvin he was doing x y and z but wasn't
Alright if I quote you on on the CWCki? Gonna try to fix up the Origins section.
Ok
There was even a panel where he insisted his owl avatar in the comic
MKR's?
Yeah owls was the one making it canon mkr draws
Alright, thanks for the info.
Screencaps
See also
Kiwi Farms posts (Naught)
MKRNightVee
Naught DMs
Official CWCki Server chats (Naught)
The Place chats - Jahans discussion
Watchmen infighting drama
Notes
↑ Initially denied, then admitted to, doxing The WCT. Naught had also claimed to promise to Null to stop making sockpuppets to like his own posts, which he did anyway, leading to his main account getting banned.
↑ On one ocassion, Naught threatened a member of Midnight Moonflower's Discord Server that she'd be doxed, proclaiming that he "curbs weens and alogs".
↑ Omitted key context from his leak of Taser Discussion. He also used a cropped out "you may also like" portion of an Etsy sale for a Sonichu medallion, claiming it to be on the Praetor etsy page.
↑ Has attempted to use at least two of his associate's Kiwi Farms accounts, and doxed the WCT after they declined him using it. The dox would lead to significant infighting between him and Naught.
↑ Created an Onion Farms thread on associate Spooky Bones, despite Spooky relying on him for intel.
↑ A nickname given to Naught, alluding to him using a heart emoticon as his username in the CWCki Discord Server
References
↑ CWC and Friends on Google Hangout (July 20th, 2020)
↑ File:Naught-CWC-7Sept20 - Handle shipments6.jpg
↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 OP of Naught's lolcow.org thread (archive)
↑ In The Place chats - Psychic Detective, Chris chats with - and calls him by his Bismuth alias.
↑ Naught DMs#Fulfill the orders
↑ Zip file of Halal Server leaks hosted at Onion Farms See "Halal - Watchmen - silvia-spunk-emily-spruill-silverangel [873480191501017089" channel at 07-Aug-21 07:43 AM timestamp
↑ A Kiwi Farms link to a private channel in the Halal Server, See 06-Aug-21 2:10 PM timestamp
↑ File:TwentyTwoSocks.JPG
↑ WCT DMs#Nauht and Geno
↑ Dreams#Summer 2020 dreams
↑ The Place chats - Infighting, Anime, and the Merge
↑ 12.0 12.1 Kiwi Farms posts (other users)#Orders From 2020
↑ Official CWCki Server chats (Naught)#Inviting Chris to Official CWCki Server
↑ The Place chats - Jahans discussion
↑ 15.0 15.1 The Place chats (March 2021)#Rejection of the Fourth Lainchu
↑ The Place chats - Jahans discussion#18 March 2021, part 1
↑ Thread #2150. Onion Farms.
↑ Midnight Moonflower Discord chats#Watchmen Raid
↑ File:OwlsFiles1.0.jpg
↑ User:Anaxis/The Lainchu Manifesto#Transfer of Power
↑ https://www.lolcow.org/threads/naught-bismuth-anameisaname-anon-llc-nitto-nanashi-death-of-chans-doppelganger-tardwarsllc-cpu-bismuth-heart-ctrl-moe.724/post-16378 (archive: https://archive.ph/sHJsm)
↑ Midnight Moonflower Discord chats#Watchmen Raids
↑ Naught DMs#Praetor
↑ Naught DMs#Chris wants to activate the Merge by playing with taser
↑ The Place chats - Watchmen-Praetor confrontations#5 February 2021
↑ naught. Thread #84502
(Message #8301396). Kiwi Farms.
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Naught)#Taser Discusion clip
↑ June 2021 Watchmen calls
↑ MKR DMs#On Chris leaving The Place
↑ File:NaughtSocks.JPG
↑ Null DMs#Watchmen drama
↑ File:Naught on WCT dox.png
↑ Archive of the edit
↑ https://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Watchmen&type=revision&diff=252258&oldid=252227
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/attachments/discordgirl2-png.644832/
Arbitarch Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Sons of the Miscreants • Arbitarch CWC Alliance • CWCVille Rebellion
People: Chris • MKRNightVee (Creamarina) •
Owls • AquaDiamond8 (Wendy) • Jacob Sockness • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • Kyle • Naught • The WCT • Smoky Chris • ThatSperge • Talia Nakara • Joseph Draft • Megan Schroeder • Tings Tingz • Sarah and Steve • Midnight Moonflower • MRKs Bloody Chunks
Fictional Characters: CPU Goddesses • NightVee • Creamarina • Tri • Val Valentino
Chats: The Sons of the Miscreants chats • Arbitarch CWC Alliance (Nov '19 • Dec '19 • Jan '20 )
The Games:
The Prizes:
Creamarina Socking
Conflicts with Tings Tingz
CPU Goddesses
Wendy Scandal
Val Roleplaying
Chris's invite to Arbitarch Server
BABSCon
Chris Chan VS. The Internet
Beneath the Bridge
NightVee Comic
NightVee Medallion
Owls Kiwi Farms posts
MKRs Bloody Chunks Leaks
Megan Obsession
Arbitarch Interview
Coinciding Sagas: Jacob, Secret Shipfic, TF2 Analysis, Watchmen
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
Crystalgate Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Praetor
People: Chris • The Toxic Trio (Naught • MKRNightVee • Kyle) • Praetor Members (Caden Peck • Annabel Ikenberry • Owen Sundstrom • Cabell O'Malley) • Bella • KND • Bible Enabler • The WCT • Anaxis • GiBi • Larry Vaughn • Val • Spunky • Peachy • Klop • Molly the Medium • Justin • Luke • Emgo316
The Games
The Watchmen meet Praetor:
The Disc Dream:
Bella's Introduction:
Crystalgate:
Confrontation:
Aftermath:
The "New Associates"
Justin DMs
Praetor Revealed
Lore Bible
Bible Enabler DMs
Bible Poll
Pennsylvania Trip
Lore Mashup
Praetor Arrives
Goochland Library Sermon
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
"The Avatar State"
"Info Dump"
Taser
Gate Crystal
Piezoelectric Crystal DMs
Taser Discussion
Watchmen-Praetor Confrontations
Plans to dismantle Praetor
Lonely Feelings
MKR Rage Quit
Golden Church of Sonichu
Full Taser Discussion
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Lainchu, Twilight
v • d • e
2020 Discord leaks
Parties
Naught • Official CWCki Server
Chat and DM leaks
Kai DMs • Kyle DMs • Other chats (April '20) • Other chats (May '20) • Other chats (July '20) • Other chats (Aug '20) • Other chats (September '20) • Other chats (undated) • Sockness DMs • The Place (Oct '19) • The Place (Nov '19) • The Place (Dec '19)
Image leaks
Jun '20 • Jul '20 • Undated
Writing leaks
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell • Sonichu Journal Pages • Whispering Spell (Restore Magic)
See also
Official CWCki Server chats
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Naught&oldid=347521"