Title: Nazis
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Nazis
Categories: Honest Articles, Delusions and enablers, Articles of the Now, Villains, Concepts influenced by Idea Guy
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
PROTIP:
Chris does not advocate this political ideology; he is a member of the LGBT community and relies on his social security.
“
You frickin' Nazis! I'm gonna kick you all out of Equestria!
”
That time Chris destroyed a Christmas tree
FREAKING NAZIS
In Dimension 1218, Nazi Germany (or the Nazis for short) was an extremely influential, now widely-despised German state/political movement that played a critical part during the Second World War. In Sonichu, the Nazis are an insane time-traveling army of evildoers from another dimension obsessed with the eradication of all Pokémon.
They were included in the comic at the insistence of the Idea Guys, who convinced Chris everything in his comic was real and actually happening in another dimension. The Idea Guys were inspired to lure Chris to including Nazis in the comic due to their interest in Wolfenstein and Call of Duty: Nazi Zombies.[1] It was yet another example of how the Idea Guys sought to prove how much better they were than Chris, who put all of his childish obsessions in Sonichu, by putting their childish obsessions in Sonichu.
On multiple occasions, Chris expressed his hatred for Hitler and Nazis and even made a whoopee cushion with Hitler's face on it. Out of all plot points Chris was tricked into including in Sonichu, he notably hated the Nazis most and went out of his way to completely wipe their inclusion in the comic's history out of existence via time travel and magical deus-ex machinas.
Contents
1 Chris and the Nazis
1.1 Idea Guys
2 In the comic
3 See Also
4 References
Chris and the Nazis
Chris retcons homosexuals with Nombie-zazis.
In May 2006, Chris won an eBay bid on a collection of German World War II photographs in a move to appease Megan.[2] Megan went on to assure Chris that she only thought of the soldiers as "unbearably handsome" because they were stereotypical soldiers, and definitely not because they were Nazis.[3]
In an inadvertent foreshadowing, on 28 November 2009, Chris answered a mailbag question from a user claiming to be from Germany. Assuming the name of a Nazi officer from the British sitcom 'Allo 'Allo!—leaving Chris none the wiser—the user asked Chris whether he would commit to a parody of Hitler in a future comic. Chris, repulsed, refuted such plans:
Like Most People, I do not care much for Adolf; he was a terrible man, and even in jest, I WOULD NEVER want to portray him, much less, his four-boomerang-shaped symbol (I know what it is called, but I do not wish to type the word).[4]
The next month, another user with a sly Nazi alias followed up on Chris's previous mailbag answer, asking why Chris would not use the word "swastika" when it has different connotations in different cultures. Chris's response:
To your first question, interesting, well leave to Hitler to turn the icon into an icon as terrible as when the homosexuals made the rainbow their icon, or even the word that Originally was defined as "Happy" but now is defined as "homo".[5]
Yeah...
Once again, in January 2010, one "Dr. Josef Mengele" submitted a mailbag question, seeking Chris's opinion on his study of gay people. Chris's response showed that he identified similarities to the policies of Nazi Germany, but failed to realize that the good doctor was directly quoting said policies:
And of course they would resist even volunteering to go to a Camp; just the word, Camp, gives the impression of the days when the Jews were oppressed by Hitler (Anne Frank comes to mind), and that is not a good image. If you want their cooperation, you have to give the impression that they are not going to feel Forced. With such, I would recommend the term "Camp" not be used, but use a term that gives a more positive impression on the Study and the Ideas.[6]
In 2011, on the 23rd of August 2011, Chris sang the song "Der Fuehrer's Face", from the famous Donald Duck short of the same name to mock someone he believed was one of his trolls. Chris is apparently a big fan of this short and its title song, as he often sings it unprompted and incorporates it into his Donald Duck impersonation, as also seen in his Son-Chu Review video released six years later. He even heavily referenced the song and its singer, Spike Jones, in a July 2015 posting and credited them as a source of inspiration.
Those are meant to be asses, even though they look like small tumors or testicles.
In 2015—five years after the original publication—Chris revised Sonichu #10 to replace homosexuals with "nombie-zazis"; however, the story retains the "straight blood" as the cure for the threat. In July of that same year, Chris was commissioned to make a Medallion of Adolf Hitler. Chris was disgusted by the idea, but not enough to turn down the money. So, as a compromise, he made a medallion of Hitler's face surrounded by butts with disparaging comments inspired by the Spike Jones song "Der Furher's Face".[7] He posted pictures of his creation alongside a multi-paragraph explanation that he was a "good person" and didn't endorse Nazism.
Following BronyCon 2017, Chris continued to embrace the brony lifestyle by wearing his unicorn cosplay everywhere. That was until a peculiar event which occurred at his church, when he was handed a note by his pastoral counselor, asking him to remove the horn and ears. According to Chris, in the note, members of the congregation had compared the cosplay to the Nazis, which may have been confusion on Chris's part as the church was addressing the recent neo-Nazi rally in nearby Charlottesville. Despite the congregation demanding this for his own good, Chris interpreted this as a personal attack, and proceeded to write an open letter to one of the MLP voice actors for feedback – this was never addressed further.[8]
Idea Guys
One of the images used by the Idea Guys to prove that CWCville had fallen to the Nazis. A moment which could have prevented a lot of grief, had Chris done a simple reverse image search.
When the Idea Guys came into power, they implemented numerous references to Nazi Germany with varying degrees of discretion.
Early in the saga, the Idea Guys convinced Chris that Akan and his Russian forces had invaded CWCville, kidnapping Sylvana. In response, Chris launched Operation BARBarossa—an obvious portmanteau of the failed German invasion of the Soviet Union and Chris's mother—to rescue her.[9] Ultimately, the campaign was a success. In the aftermath, in an epilogue that would concern anyone of reasonable intelligence, Chris remarked that CWCville Chris had initiated the "Fine Ol’ Solution" to place the villains of the battle into prison camps with "large ovens to keep the people warm" and "some of the best showers a prisoner can ask for."[10] The next month, he announced that the Trollbusters (presumably alongside other groups that defended CWCville) were being consolidated into a much larger defensive force, known as the "CWCstapo", an obvious play on the "Gestapo" that completely went over Chris's head.[11]
In January 2018, Chris warned that the Nazis had infiltrated C-197. From an outsider's perspective, the Idea Guys had succeeded in tricking Chris of the Nazis' presence in part by using images from alternative fiction such as Wolfenstein and The Man in the High Castle.[1] With the looming threat of Nazis, Chris was prompted to create two videos with obvious scripting/orchestration from the Idea Guys:
In the first of these videos, "Smashing", Chris was tricked into smashing a beloved comfort doll into several pieces under the belief that it had been bugged by Nazi secret agents. In the second of these videos, "Get Out, You D*** Nazis", Chris violently shakes a Christmas tree while cursing the Nazis for invading Equestria and vowing to kick them all out. At the end, Chris spouts a bunch of pointless non-sequitur lines presumably scripted by the Idea Guys.
For the reference drawing of Perceptor Sonichu, Chris explained that one of Perceptor's goals is to hunt down the Nazis and their technology.
In a probable Idea Guy move, Chris claimed that his virtual/fictional band, Christine and the Hedgehog Boys had written a song called "The Nostalgia Critic Did Nothing Wrong!", in reference to Doug Walker's controversy at the time. This was clearly a further reference to the "Hitler Did Nothing Wrong" meme, devised by 4chan. [12]
In the comic
“
[There] is that One Time I most regretted and shamed of Having to draw Nazis and Hitler as transformed into my species.
”
Chris reflects on the Nazi comic[13]
Der Fuehrer's Fursona.
Chris subjects various Nazis to a fate worse than death: becoming Sonichu OCs.
Nazis were occasionally alluded to before the events of Sonichu #13. Beel, in a previous life, was the "Main Assistant" to Adolf Hitler, which probably meant he was the guy who fetched Uncle Adolf's cigars and coffee while the adults did their business. After his death, he was cursed with a demonic form and forever punished by working menial, dead-end jobs for companies like 4-cent_garbage.com.
Nazis played a major role in the events of Sonichu 13. The Idea Guys managed to convince Chris that they had invaded CWCville by pointing to the real-life right-wing Charlottesville protests, claiming this was an example of C-197's events bleeding into our reality. Initially, the Nazis appeared in an alternate timeline where an immortal Adolf Hitler was given a Sonichu Medallion by a Nazi-aligned alternate universe version of Chris. The "real" Chris, enraged by this, took his medallion back, causing Hitlerchu to turn to dust.
Later in the issue, CWCville is devastated by a massive war with the rival micro-nation of Australatina, splitting it into two halves. Nazis from an alternate timeline invaded C-197 and annexed Australatina, which was sympathetic to their cause. The Nazis went on to capture nearly all of the "destined" Sonichus and Rosechus and systemically kill all wild Pokemon outside CWCville's borders, declaring them all to be "impure." Chris recruited multiple fictional characters, his own Pokemon, and the My Little Pony villain Discord to help him kill Nazis, as CWCville's standing military had been entirely wiped out during the war.
Chris, using his magical Deus-Ex Machina powers, took a drop of his blood and used it to infect all the Nazis, turning them into Sonichus. This devastated the Third Reich, as it rendered their ideology moot. Small pockets of the group continued fighting, even building a Rosechu rape camp and impregnating all of the fertile women of the comic to produce more soldiers for the fight, but they were slaughtered by Chris, his pony OC and an idea guy.
Though the Nazis were defeated and erased from C-197, the damage they did still lasted long after their fall. Magi-Chan and Sonichu both had mental breakdowns due to the PTSD inflicted by the war, the former accidentally causing a tear in reality that nearly destroyed the universe and the latter shooting up the CWCville mall before trying to rape Chris.
Chris was utterly disgusted by the inclusion of Nazis in his comic, so much so that he still felt the need to bitch about it in Sonichu 14's opening text crawl. Chris then used his magical CPU goddess powers to purge all remnants of the Nazis and their reign from CWCville's past and present, though they still existed historically, as shown in the pages of Sonichu 16 that states Count Graduon fought against the Germans in both world wars. (How this is possible when he was trapped in a giant stone statue built by Native Americans is anyone's guess.)
The Nazis and their proxy state, Australatina, were by far the most powerful and dangerous villains in Sonichu canon, doing far more damage and posing a much greater threat to the heroes than any other. This can probably be attributed to the fact that they were written by the Idea Guys and not Chris. This serves as a poignant allegory for Chris's relationship with reality. The problems and enemies of Chris' fantasy world are easily managed and defeated, but when reality is introduced in a way Chris can't avoid or deny, its extremely destructive. Chris turning the Nazis into Sonichus ties this allegory in a neat little bow: the threat is neutralized by becoming part of his delusional system instead of intruding into it.
See Also
CWCstapo
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 Idea Guy Q&A#Nazis in CWCville
↑ File:Etc ebay bid.PNG
↑ Megan emails, 2005-2006#Megan has a thing for German soldiers
↑ Mailbag 5#That wacky Hitler
↑ Mailbag 9#Deutschland, Deutschland über alles
↑ Mailbag 35#In which Chris almost figures it out
↑ July 2015 Facebook Posts#Der Fuehrer's Face
↑ Chris's letter to Cathy Weseluck
↑ November 2017 Facebook posts#Silvana is captured
↑ November 2017 Facebook posts#Operation BARBarossa is a success
↑ December 2017 Facebook posts#Jamsta molested Punchy
↑ April 2018 social media posts#Idea Guy 2.0?
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220516025117/https://twitter.com/cwcsonichu/status/1088987975550144513
Idea Guy Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Idea Guys (Joshua Wise • Stephen Boyd • Unnamed Others)
Fictional Characters: John Yamada • Gwen Mikoto • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein • Magi-chan • Cryzel • Kun T’Nyuget • Mewtwo • Pitohui • Bundychu • Akan
The Concepts:
The Chats:
The Videos:
Hyperdimension Neptunia
Payday 2
Nazis
CWCstapo
Anytime Fitness
Dimensional Merge
Operation BARBarossa
Polyamorous marriage
The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Sonichu 13
Miscellaneous Ideas
2018 Sales Listings
Tings Tingz DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (Ballzymaker94)
Misc Idea Guy chats
Idea Guy Q&A
Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat
The Bad Beginning
Cryzel Torture
The Chris-Chan Extortionists
Count Dankula Interview
Red Forest
Remove Kebab!
Cherokean Chant
Smashing
Get Out, You D*** Nazis
Third House Tour
Chris apologizes to Gwen
Chris slaps himself
Dick Licker; that is I
One-Hundred
Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture
All Star
Chris lost Crystal
I’m Sorry for Ruining so many Fandoms
Coinciding Sagas: Guard Dog
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
v • d • e
Delusions and enablers
Fantasy World
Core beliefs
Conspiracy theories • CWCville • Daydreams • Death threats • Dreams  • Imaginary family • Imaginary friends‎ • Magical thinking • Messiah complex • Meditation‎‎ • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Extensions
Akashic Records • Avatar State • Chaos Control • Commandments • Fangs • Good Mirror of ElAeRa • Hexes • Iron Curtain • Job as a Goddess • My Little Pony Protests • Magic stones • PsychicPowers • Royal/Cherokee heritage • Self-inflicted taint wound • Spirit possession‎ • Tarot • Taser
Influenced byIdea Guys
CPU Blue Heart • Dimensions • Dimensional Merge • Hyperdimension Neptunia • Polyamorous marriage
Cult of the Idea Guys
Cult leadersand enablers
Idea Guys • Teen Troon Squad • Reginald Chandler (troll) • Watchmen • Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • The Sergeant at Arms • Helena Fiorenza • Praetor • Larry Vaughn • KwaiiSandbag • Isabella Janke • Fiona Cooper • Michael Afghani • Kenneth Erwin Engelhardt • Other enablers
Beliefs instilled into Chris
Bisexuality • Cryzel Torture •
Fabricated Magi-Chan conversation • Operation BARBarossa • Nazis • Sonichu #13
OCs instilled into Chris
Akan • Arfoire • Bundychu • Cryzel Rosechu • Kidasuna (the Rokat, Michiro, Jakoba) • Kun T’Nyuget • Perceptor Sonichu • The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Fantasy-induced events
By Idea Guys
Remove Kebab dance • Slav Squat • Fandoms Apology • Destruction of Christine Doll Mk. 1 • Christmas tree destruction • House Tour III • Wall licking • Cryzel Torture (Chris's pleas) • "AY YOU TOILET!" • The Bad Beginning
Others
First recorded statement of Magi-Chan • Chris hangs out with Xleepy and Co. • Interview with Noah and Max Mandu • Psychic California Trip • Goochland Library Sermon • The Vaughn Interlude
People appropriated by Chris as 'OCs'
DRWolf • ProjectSNT
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Nazis&oldid=326202"