Title: Night Star
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Night_Star
Categories: My Little Pony, Concepts influenced by Idea Guy, Characters
================================================================================

Not to be confused with the Canterlot High counterpart also featured in Sonichu #12-9
“
Sonichu and Rosechu remain Very Important and Close to me, but Nightstar Unicorn/Sonichu of Equestria is closer
”
Chris, June 2018[1]
Sonichu character
Night Star
Date of birth
24 February 1982 (in universe)[2]3 June 2017 (IRL)[3]
Gender
Female
Parents
Sugar Darling, Gallop Crush
Significant others
Diamond Melody, Kun T’Nyuget
Species
Pony (Unicorn)/Sonichu[4]
Type
Psychic
Evolves into
Mega Nightstar Sonichu
Night Star (or Nightstar in some writings) is the ponysona of Chris and the protagonist of Sonichu #12-9.
In designing her, Chris bravely decided to go in a new direction by making the character a colossal Mary Sue self-insert. She is "a unicorn with Levitation and other powers", and it supposedly has "all Psychic Powers possible", using these powers "for good". All this has thus far been demonstrated to mean is that unlike Comic Chris, this particular self-insert avatar doesn't require arbitrary magical objects as a catalyst for her deific powers. Chris also insists she is "Psychic-Type" although she isn't a Pokémon.
Two months after her creation, during the events of Doopiegate, a mysterious Twitter account emerged with the online handle NightStar2891, who defended Chris against the trolls. It didn't take a forensic analysis to raise some red flags about somebody heaping praise on Chris while pretending to be a heterochromic cartoon horse, and analysis from Kiwi Farms soon proved that the account holder was actually Chris using a sockpuppet account to white knight himself, which he later confirmed. Since attending Bronycon 2017 in the same month, Chris has become increasingly invested in My Little Pony and his character.
Contents
1 Conception
2 Twitter sockpuppet
2.1 Chris spills the beans
2.2 LadyOfTheCosmo
2.3 Subsequent use
3 BronyMate account
4 In the comic
4.1 #12
4.2 #12-9
4.3 #13
4.4 BronyCon 2018 gift comics
4.5 In Ben Saint's Slime comic
4.6 #14
5 Video
6 Art
7 Fan art
7.1 Plush
8 See also
9 References
10 External links
Conception
Night Star's cutie mark (minus lightning bolt, which belongs to IRL Chris.)[5]
Since Megan's introduction of My Little Pony to Chris in 2007, Chris has created a number of original pony characters. With the rising popularity of Friendship is Magic (also known as Generation 4) from 2010, Chris has embraced the show; however, he did not develop an original G4 character for several years. With the results of two My Little Pony quizzes, which generated a finite set of character names and cutie marks based on the questions answered, Chris gained the incentive to create a new character.[6][7]
In June 2017, Chris drew art of himself as a My Little Pony character, dubbing his character "Miss Night Star".[3] The next day, he drew fanart of Night Star crossing over with the official characters of the My Little Pony television show. He included a likeness of Andrea Libman, voice actress for the female ponies in the drawing, and tweeted it to her.[8]
Another day later, Chris shared a new drawing of his OC - clearly by another person and lacking credit to the artist.[9] On Kiwi Farms, user borbera proved that they were the artist, claiming that Chris did not express any gratitude for the work.[10] In August of the same year, Chris shared another fan drawing, once again without credit.[11] Following probing by a ween with regards to the latter art's creator, Chris saw fit to bring his sockpuppet account into the spotlight.[12]
Shared in June 2017
Shared on 4 August 2017 (later revealed to be Chris' genuine creation)
Twitter sockpuppet
See also: NightStar2891 tweets and CWCSonichu-NightStar2891 DMs‎
“
"I am an admirer of Miss Chandler and her work. If you're saying She drew my piece based on her character, you are thrown Off, Sir."
”
Chris, white knighting himself while pretending to be a cartoon pony[13]
Chris's bulletproof cover story.
During the events of the Doopie Saga, users on Kiwi Farms discovered that Chris had made a Twitter sockpuppet account named after his pony character in early August 2017, @NightStar2891. Chris used the account to defend himself against trolls, supporting his claims to still being friends with Doopie, affirming his gender identity, and all but directly calling Doopie out for leaking the Doopie E-mails to Kiwi Farms.[14]
On 7 August, Marvin obtained screencaps from "Night Star" of her supposed private conversations with Chris (i.e. Chris talking to himself),[15] which Night Star gave as proof of being a different person. Later that day, Chris and Night Star both reasserted that they were not the same person. In an additional attempt to prove that Night Star wasn't him, Chris gave the person allegedly behind the account a fake biography. Details include "Night Star" having a sister named Gloria, growing up in Richmond, and earning a degree in "psychological arts" at the University of Virginia before getting a job at McDonald's (presumably due to earning a useless degree in a field that doesn't exist).
Later, on 9 August, Chris claimed that "Night Star", whose "real" first name he revealed to be Emily (not to be confused with the troll Emily), had not tweeted for the last few days because she had been scared off of Twitter by people claiming she was Chris. He blamed the trolls for ruining their supposed friendship and claimed he scared her away when he went to the McDonald's at which she worked. The 9 August tweets showed the extent of Chris's dedication to making his sockpuppet seem real, but also an uncharacteristic self-awareness on Chris's part that he is so socially inept that he even frightens fictional women.
Chris spills the beans
On 15 August, 2017, after leaving BronyCon, Chris revealed that the Night Star account was made by him in order to continue contact with DoopieDoOver and various My Little Pony voice actors who had blocked him, as well as to white-knight himself on Twitter. He made an apology letter explaining that he felt guilty for making the account after watching the MLP episode "Fame and Misfortune".[16]
Transcript
An Open Letter to all Twitter Followers:
Dearest People,
Confession Time: Originally Intended for laying low, and to keep a distant bond, still, on a few hurt individuals I like and cared about, after that one-tweet-wonder mess... This Twitter account, @NightStar2891, Is me, Christine Chandler. Again, that mentioned twee was truly with my heart in the right place, to share appreciation for and of the women I've been able to make contact and acquaintance with. Then some other people took wrongful attack upon them at my expense. I felt terrible about that. Two of them blocked me, but hater-informed in that. I pray they will unblock and open up to me again soon. This also is reflected in the MLP Season 7 episode "Fame & Misfortune", the mane six, or five of them, were not used to being criticized, overly, by fan ponies, as well as misread and misunderstood. I, too, felt All This as early 2007; "I'm popular, and I don't like it," said Applejack, and how Rarity overreacted; Fluttershy having to explain herself repeatedly... All That Was Me, and it took a long time to adjust and become resistant to the hate, I Am in control of how these various reactions to my Sonichu and self, content make me feel and react. I try to not let the Critics get to me anymore. And everyone affected by the misunderstood Tweet of mine, you all have control to not let the haters and Trolls affect you at all. too.
Continued...
This Night Star Twitter was a lay-low alternative for me after that fiasco. I was Not originally going to Tweet from it. Then one of the trolls contacted me; I was tempted to Troll the Trolls now. Dumb: Me. Pffft. But the Trolls, on their forum, have admitted to being well-confused with my characters creation of this Richmond gal with a UVA degree working around and around. I can be quite the actress. Even In Simulating Other Fonts from other people. Regardless, lying all that was wrong of me, and I am sorry for lying in this.
And, as I was finally able to share at BronyCon, with a lot of people, I am, by default, a kind, understanding, compassionate, heart-in-the-right-place person & individual. And I enjoy sharing genuine, pleasant smiles, moments and memories with others, and my heart is open. I would delight in all of us putting this Twitter mishap set behind us and moving on towards being better people. Thank you.
Sincerely, and with all my heart with love, I'm Sorry,
Miss Christine W. Chandler.
When questioned by Twitter users regarding his dubious masquerade, Chris responded, saying:
The style in the Night Star piece in the avatar and banner; I made those too, with help from references online to assemble in photoshop. 😊
As an apology to Doopie for once again being a massive creep, Chris shared with her a drawing of an OC he made called "Bubble Gummy". An unnamed OC was also tweeted to MLP voice actor Tabitha St. Germain, who had blocked Chris's main account as well. Both images were captioned:
An apology piece for you, dear.
The gambit failed, as both Doopie and Tabitha promptly blocked his Night Star account.
LadyOfTheCosmo
Main article: LadyOfTheCosmo#Night Star
After being stressed out by his conversation with LadyOfTheCosmo, Chris decided to use the Night Star account again. He proceeded to talk to himself in a series of several tweets, before attempting to justify that as an "Example of how the terms ["dear" and "darling"] should be accepted".
Subsequent use
After Nowacking blocked Chris on Twitter, Chris used Night Star to follow her.
On 2 September 2017, Chris started to use this account to schizophrenically white knight himself against trolls. Posting several screencaps of weens responding to previous tweets of his, he tweeted:
See How Christine Chandler is actually being Supportive, and yet the Trolls do all of the Harassing to separate people.[17]
As of Christmas Eve 2018, NightStar2891 remains defunct.[18]
BronyMate account
On 27 August 2017, Chris created an account on brony dating site BronyMate named "NightStar1982".
In the comic
#12
"What the fuck did I just read?"
This is her story and nothing less!
Night Star made her debut in Sonichu #12 in a bonus epilogue, where she introduces DJ Jamsta and Lolisa Rosechu, performing "Love is Love" live in concert. Chronologically, this follows Act 1 of the following comic.
#12-9
In a Captain's Log published on 14 August 2017, Chris revealed that he intended to include Night Star in his upcoming Sonichu #12-9 comic and that the special would feature Night Star's youth and events leading up to the present day.
On 22 August, Chris uploaded two images to Twitter showing a revised cover of Sonichu #0, in which Night Star replaces his self-insert. In addition, "I will! Thank you, mother!" replaces the infamous cover dialogue.[19] Days later, Chris revealed the new cover for Sonichu 12-9, which shows Night Star standing in the middle of a dirt road in Equestria. The cover was also accompanied by a synopsis, describing the character with far-fetched Mary Sue traits:
Introducing Night Star, of Equestria; a unique Unicorn with the ability to open dimension portals to view into, and visit, other dimensions and worlds; she can view Our internet and YouTube videos through one, like an instant PC monitor.
She also has all Psychic Powers possible.
And, as an artist herself, and linked to myself, Christine Chandler, mentally, and visually through a portal, she draws and writes the "Sonichu" Comic Book series in Equestria (replace me with her; transformation to Chris Chan Sonichu, still the same, and all humans with ponies and horses.
Night Star may be considered overpowered, but she still has her flaws (not autism or aspergers, period), and she uses her powers for good.
Look forward to her life story (shortened), plus a day in Ponyville and around, in the next "Sonichu" after completeing #12.
Thank You for your loyalty and patience.
I am a Proud Pegasister in the Brony Herd Community![20]
Later, after entering a relationship with Jessica Quinn, Chris revealed his plans to include them both in the comic. Her ponysona is named "Diamond Melody":
Second thing for right now: my Sweetheart and I, both have an MLP OC; we are shipped for real. I'm getting the ball rolling with this fresh piece of the two of us; I would like to see us in other lovingly done art styles. I have seen a LOT of MLP ship art that is Just Amazing. I'm a unicorn with Levitation and other powers; she's a pegasus; Please, Bronies and Pegasisters: Make us look as great as y'all can.[21]
As portrayed in Sonichu #12-9, Night Star is born to Sugar Darling and Gallop Crush, and discovers at a young age that she has a telepathic connection to Chris in his own dimension. Years after the fact, she graduates from magic school, produces her own series of Sonichu comics in Equestria, and makes contact with CWCville.
In the present day, Night Star portals into CWCville, where she visits KCWC radio station to coordinate a concert with Jamsta and Lolisa (as portrayed in #12). After CWCville, Night Star visits Canterlot High School, and unexpectedly encounters her CWCville counterpart. Having anticipated this meeting, Night Star gives her counterpart a cutie mark, which transforms her into a near twin of the former as a means of bringing her into "mental sync". After some shenanigans with Pinkie Pie, Night Star meets Sunset Shimmer to deliver ingredients for a permanent hair dye experiment.
"You are appreciated and liked by a lot of ponies and people."
In Act 2, which takes place before Act 1, Night Star meets Diamond Melody while waiting for a Slayer/DJ Pon-3 concert and the two hit it off quickly. Also joining the group for the concert is Nepgear. After the concert, Star and Melody portal to CWCville for a date and the two eventually become a couple; however, some time later they break up due to reasons only Chris can devise.
In Act 3, Night Star falls head over hoof for Kun T’Nyuget in the Ponyville market. Eventually the two visit CWCville where Rei Ryghts attacks. Transforming into her Sonichu form, Night Star attempts to thwart the attack, but is transported to another world, until returning some time later in a coma. In the hospital, Kun visits Star and admits his love for her. Weeks after the incident, Night Star wakes up, and the pair return to Ponyville to live together.
In the final act, the Cutie Map summons Night Star and Kun T’Nyuget for a quest to visit Kludgetown. In the town, they meet pirate captain Celano, who remarks that two of her crewmates are not on speaking terms because of a dispute. Speaking to both of the crewmates, they discover that the pirates have differing opinions on a former crewmate called Storm King. With no leads to solving the dispute, the couple are approached by deus ex machina unicorn, Tempest Shadow, who believes that their answers can be found in a fortress on an island. She offers to help the two in exchange for some of the plunder. Arriving at Storm King's base, the group discover a log which belonged to Celano's pirate ship. Upon reading the log, Night Star and Kun ascertain proof of Storm King's evil allegiance and proceed to show it to the two crewmates, who then reconcile. With their quest solved, they return home and invite Chris to say farewell to the readers.
#13
Night Star regains her tail.
In Sonichu #13, Night Star in her human form appears out of nowhere to aid Chris in sending Kurome back to the Zero Dimension.
In the following Act, Night Star attempts to clone Chris—for the purpose of tending to Chris's house and Barb—by introducing his DNA to the Mirror Pool in Equestria; however, the DNA is of the "lustful" 2000 Chris, resulting in an overpopulation of horny Chris clones. This abundance forces the ponies to evacuate Equestria by using the portal to Canterlot High School and take refuge in CWCville. Sometime later, after the heroes incinerate the clones, the Equestrians return to their world.
Following the Nazi invasion of Equestria, Night Star relays a letter from Chris to Discord to persuade him to join their cause against the fascists, to which he declines. This prompts Chris to astral project himself to Equestria, and threaten Discord until he submits to eliminating the Nazis.
Back in CWCville, on 18 January 2018, Night Star is depressed because the Nazis in Equestria imprisoned her family and severed her tail (despite being in human form in this scene). Using the powers of "love and soul", Chris is able to restore Night Star's tail, enabling her to have her vengeance.
BronyCon 2018 gift comics
Main article: BronyCon 2018 gift comics
Night Star is featured in four of the comic page panels.
In Ben Saint's Slime comic
In summer 2019, webcomic artist Ben Saint decided to insert Night Star into his comic series as a way of boosting views, eliciting a reaction from Chris in which he drew his own competing version of the comic, treating it as the true and honest version of events.
#14
Night Star makes a cameo in the incomplete Sonichu #14 comic. During Chris's retalling of BronyCon 2019, Night Star explains that she watched the BronyPalooza concert through a portal.[22]
Video
Nightstar is a very important Special Sonichu
Art
Chris has created several pieces of art featuring Night Star. He claims to have experimented with Photoshop software to create some of his gallery:[23]
Reference drawing.
Chris's pony form manages to be uglier than his original Mary Sues.
With Pinkie Pie (and VA counterpart Andrea Libman).
Banner used on sockpuppet Twitter account.
With Sugar Darling and Gallop Crush.
With Wishing Wisp (aka Avalon Porter).
With the Cutie Mark Crusaders (aka Michelle Creber, Claire Corlett, and Madeleine Peters).
With Starlight Glimmer (aka Kelly Sheridan).
Chris forgetting that the Print Screen button exists.
An angry response to LadyOfTheCosmo.
With Diamond Melody.
As an Equestria Girl.
Sonichu 12 bonus page.
Ditto.
As a Rosechu.
Night Star Rosechu racing MLP characters.
Schmoozing MLP fandom contributor ILoveKPaLot.
Night Star's evolved form, held by an insane-looking Chris.
#12-9 bonus page – the Night Star with wings is Chris himself.
Autographed eBay listing.
As a G2 Pony (art used as a TSSSF card).
With Kun T.
With Null.
Pride 2018.
Night Star's Mega Evolution, on a TSSSF card.
At the Secret Rift Cafe party with other OCs (part of a TSSSF card)
Fan art
In addition to well-wishers sharing their art with Chris, other fans sought to present TRUE and HONEST interpretations of Miss Night Star:
Gallery of Miss Night Star fan art (some NSFW)
Chris shared this on 24 August 2017
Added to the "Lovely Fan Art" Facebook gallery
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
”
The Night Star/Kun commission Chris loves to flaunt
Plush
In May 2018, Chris made a request for a Night Star plush.[24] ChuuChuuRocket took on the project over the space of a week.[25] Chris thanked her for the gift and posted photos of it to Twitter[26], making note of the Heterochromia Night Star shares with him[27] and put his signature on the medallion.
Chris later brought the plush to BronyCon 2018, where it can be seen in several photos. He also took it to his Region 10 appointments.
In November 2024, Chris drew a Night Star plush concept for a competition held by Youtooz to turn the three winners' concepts into real products.[28] The winners of the competition will be chosen on 26 November 2024.
See also
BronyCon
ChuuChuuRocket
JenkinsJinkies
Kun T'Nyuget
My Little Pony
TwiSparLicious
Unicorn cosplay
Christine Doll
References
↑ Nightstar is a very important Special Sonichu
↑ Sonichu 12-9
↑ 3.0 3.1 June 2017 tweets#Chris draws himself as a MLP character
↑ July 2018 social media posts#On being a chronicler; Megan Schroeder as CPU Red Heart
↑ September 2018 social media posts#Chris and his many counterparts
↑ Name origin
↑ Cutie mark origin
↑ June 2017 tweets#Chris/MLP crossover page
↑ June 2017 tweets#Night Star fanart
↑ "Lol he didn't thank me </3 proof"
↑ August 2017 tweet
↑ The sockpuppet account emerges
↑ https://twitter.com/NightStar2891/status/893629626555052032
↑ "Reilly, being anything with the "KiwiFarms" is not cool. Go back to the dank soil where you came from, Troll."
↑ CWCSonichu-NightStar2891 DMs
↑ Apology for Doopie and Tabitha
↑ NightStar2891 tweets#See how Christine is supportive, not harassing; unblocking everyone
↑ NightStar2891 tweets#Final tweets
↑ August 2017 tweets#Spike reading Sonichu 0
↑ August 2017 Patreon posts#Sonichu 12-9 cover commentary
↑ September 2017 Facebook posts#Quinn as a MLP OC
↑ File:Sonichu14-2019draft-p24.jpg
↑ Photoshop claim
↑ https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/1001195248457060360
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/random-chris-updates.23605/page-658#post-3521276
↑ https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/1013840143248248834
↑ https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/1013840264501321734
↑ November 2024 social media posts#Custom youtooz MLP plush design competition
External links
NightStar2891 on Twitter
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
My Little Pony
Animated series
G4
Friendship is Magic • Equestria Girls
G4.5
Pony Life
G5
Make Your Mark
VAs
My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking
Fandom
People
Brony celebrities • DRWolf • TF2 Analysts
Conventions
BABSCon • BronyCon • Everfree Northwest
Websites and social media
Blepcon • BronyMate • Equestria Daily
Fan media and terminology
Brony • MLP Animation: Discord Meets the Princess Bride • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder • 'You Will Be Found' - GIANT 100+ BRONY GROUP COLLAB
Characters and OCs
Diamond Melody • Kun T’Nyuget • Night Star • Original Ponies • Vinyl Scratch
Fan media by Chris
BronyCon 2018 gift comics • Slime Rewrite Comic • Sonichu 12-9 • Twitter Blocks Comic • Workaholics Anonymous comic
Other
Chris's letter to Cathy Weseluck • Chris's letter to Kelly Sheridan • Equestrian calendar • Hasbro • Unicorn cosplay
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Night_Star&oldid=349570"