Title: November 2020 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/November_2020_social_media_posts
Categories: Category, Sonichu Possession
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
This page is an archive of Chris's major social media posts during November 2020.
Posts are color-coded yellow to reflect his role-playing as Sonichu during this month.
Contents
1 Pickle Sonichu
2 #LisaSimpson2020
3 Timeline
4 Dimensional merge stuff
5 Alex Trebek
6 Pmurt
7 Nudity
8 Sonichu dimensional merge update video
9 Chris has a fish
10 Chicken Little
11 Chris Chan Sonichu intro animation
12 Happy birthday Magi-Chan
13 Fully animated Sonichu cartoon
14 Clyde Cash Sonichu
15 Epic awesome
16 Not funny
17 Sonic World DX
18 Fanfiction reading video
19 Fear of bugs
20 Review request
21 Mama Chris Chan in a deity role
22 Jackets
23 Commodore 64
24 Simple is as simple
25 CosmicKeyframe
26 Right purchase
27 Favorite Pokemon
28 Sonic animation
29 Animaniacs
30 Moonlight
31 Anime
32 Chris the art reviewer
33 Happy birthday
34 Darumaka
35 Chris "reviews" more art
36 Take your pick
37 Darkbind
38 Reported
39 Sonichu GIF
40 Sonic and Tails
41 Saberspark
42 More Animaniacs
43 Comic strip
44 Retorting the hater trolls
45 More Sonic World DX and new Sonichu icons
46 Chris's thoughts on Twilight
47 Follow your instincts
48 Happy Thanksgiving
49 Womanly parts
50 Sonic World
51 Sonic World R8 voice clips
52 Clever
53 Cwcville question
54 Long Twitter thread
55 SNT Vs Sonichu 3
56 Dimension N-641
57 Awesome "Pikachu"
58 Sonic card
59 Cake
60 Sonic movie
Pickle Sonichu
1 November
A Twitter user tweets at Chris with artwork of a Pickle Sonichu asking if it will mean anything for CWCville.
Nothing; he’s just another Sonichu with his own moderate level of abilities.
#LisaSimpson2020
3 November
In response to a Twitter user encouraging Chris to vote for Joe Biden and showing artwork.
I like the art, but I’m voting for #LisaSimpson2020.
Timeline
5 November
ZethasaurusRex (@zethasaurus)
Explain this @CPU_CWCSonichu ...In the dark future of the apocalyptic wastelands, exists a faction called “The CWCKians”. Their leader goes by the name of “Christina, The Goddess of All Dimensions”.
That does not exist in this timeline and it does not exist in the new timeline either.
12 November
Chris responds to the same tweet.
That exists in a very distant dimension and timeline far from our set right here. Never gonna happen here.
Dimensional merge stuff
7 November
Hey, everyone. Sonichu here.
Just a let-you-know, but on the fact that after more than seven months, I am still in Mama Chris Chan’s body, here, and that our focus has been mainly on the Dimension Merge and getting myself with this body safely and well into C-197 as soon as possible in the remainder of this timeline. Until further notice, after Mama and I finally switch back in the new timeline, I am not doing any Art Commissions. Interviews are doable, but all scheduling and setting up is to be done through Null, himself. I will not be able to personally respond to any inquiries during this time. If you all want something in comparison ot what Mama and I have been going through, you can look up Miss Andrew Blaze and look up what she went through in communicating with her OCs in the spiritual realm between our Dimensions 1218 and C-197, as well as into and with C-197, but instead of mass murder or suicide, we have no intention of getting our Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu involved in any of that, and this body is to remain alive for millions of years or so. Not gonna be offing this body any time, period, so you all have no need or conern to make up such theories on the contrary. Also, the fact that a lot of you make correlations between Mama and other online celebs that she had never ever known or personally met beforehand; Static! Not cool.
I pray to Mama and all of the other deities that each and every individual in this dimension understands that. Thanks. ⚡⚡⚡
Alex Trebek
8 November
Chris quote tweets another tweet announcing the death of Alex Trebek.
That is a major shame, as Jeopardy is one of Mama’s favourite game shows. A moment of silence as we play the simple version of the Jeopardy theme song in his honor. Cheers to you, dude.
Pmurt
8 November
Just found this on #SNL through @YouTube; definitely perfect about
@realDonaldTrump. “Drump Fired; should not have been hired.” 😀⚡⚡⚡
Nudity
8 November
Chris quote tweets an artist asking why nudity is always sexualized.
That is actually a very good question. The answer is obviously within the perspective of a lot of individuals, in general. Fetish and levels of feeling sexy vary from one to another, as well as hormone levels, mentality, and so on. It takes a mental strength to not demonize it.
Sonichu dimensional merge update video
8 November
Here you are; direct and straight from the soul, heart and all. ⚡⚡⚡
Click to load content
Chris has a fish
9 November
Just a little fun, but I was taking a peek at the recommendations on YouTube; this video came up, checked the silent quick-play and the captions are way off. 😀⚡
How hard is it to mess up “I got a fish, would you like to make a wish”? ALOL
Lillie (@PostmanFat02)
At least it's not cwcflying elephants
(I'm not a ween I swear)
ALOL! 🤣⚡ Yeah, it’s not #MontyPython, but still, that is a very clever comment.
That video was actually pretty funny, I remember seeing it for the first time and everything!
Ah, memories...
It’s a classic.
Chicken Little
9 November
In response to a Twitter user quote tweeting Chris's previous tweet and calling him unfunny.
And you’re not a chicken little avatar.
Chris Chan Sonichu intro animation
13 November
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation https://youtu.be/uQzq0OTRUKc via @YouTube
Click to load content
Happy birthday Magi-Chan
14 November
Hey, y’all. Comment with kind fan arts and thoughts in respectful tribute, because today is @MagiChan111448’s Birthday.
I chose this card and it’s art, because Magi-Chan is always working and thinking kindly and hard for and with everyone, regardless of dimension or timeline. ⚡
Thinking it further, today is also the birthday of all of Magi-Chan’s self-counterparts as well, since ours, here, is the OG one, so Happy Birthday to the many, many Magi-Chan Sonichus from all other dimensions and timelines, too. ⚡⚡⚡
AlisiaDeena (@AlisiaDeena)
Happy Birthday Magi Chan! He should make a statement!
Magi-Chan is busy and working hard today, but he telepathically sends a supportive and well-thought wisdom of guidance to each of you all, respectively. Listen well. ⚡⚡⚡
Fully animated Sonichu cartoon
14 November
Alyxx (@AlyxxTheRat)
Oh boy.
[[External link to the Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation video]]
@CPU_CWCSonichu Does this mean we can expect a full on animated Sonichu cartoon?
Yes, it can be considered the intro to our combined dimensions’ many real/animated adventures. But, it’s a general new intro video for all of Mama’s videos on YouTube. At the least, now we have her transformation sequence animated.
Clyde Cash Sonichu
14 November
AshleyRosechu (@RosechuHorrors}
I wonder, has there ever been a Clyde Cash Sonichu? 🤔
No
Nice, I guess only people with esoteric/psychic powers can become Sonichu then?
It’s more complicated than that.
Epic awesome
14 November
Chris quote tweets fanart of Magi-Chan.
Epic awesome
Not funny
15 November
sapphire/miia (@MiiaSapphire)
more pieces ,
my version of @CPU_CWCSonichu
, as you can see I tried to capture the discoloration in her hair and be more realistic to her actual look , the other just a blue version like the comic #sonichu #art #furry #hot #chrischan #sexy
[Artwork]
That’s not funny. Please, do not draw Mama fat, and while her hair colour is presently a different shade, her fur and quill colour are the normal shade of blue.
Sonic World DX
17 November
Hey, y’all. I’ve been having some fun on the laptop lately; finally downloaded #SonicWorldR9 from @SonicWorldDX’s website.
[External link to the Sonic fangame known as Sonic World DX]
I also found this on YouTube; successfully downloaded and installed it as well, along with a few other choice character Mods.
youtu.be/D8DLxKEXpyY
Click to load content
The original version of this Mod created by #Cirrusfire and #SackTeee is downloadable here:
[External Google Drive link]
And I also had a bit of fun in personally updating my Bio in the Mod; that file can be downloaded here:
[External Google Drive link]
To note, I am amable to jump as high as Sonic, so the original jump height number got updated in the file as well.
I thank #Cirrusfire and #SackTree for making this Mod. I’d also love it if they made a Mod of Rosey, Mama Chris Chan’s Sonichu form and Magi-Chan, as well. We, here, are more than happy to personally provide to them authentic voice clips for the Mods.
⚡⚡⚡
Also, shame I can’t find a Mod of Jamie Rose at this time. There was link in one of #TailsandSonicPals’ videos, but the file that was there got deleted.
Click to load content
Now here’s a @NintendoAmerica, @SEGA, and @CPU_CWCSonichu combo you may or may not see everyday. ⚡⚡⚡
Odyssey Mario Mod available near the bottom of the Mod Download page 1 on @SonicWorldDX’s website.
[External link to a Sonic World DX download page]
Fanfiction reading video
18 November
Chris replies to multiple tweets from a Twitter user, who shortly after deleted said tweets.
I am reading this and will get back to you with the personal critique. Firstly, though, Chris was not overweight as a teen, so remove that; his figure was slender at the time.
On another note, spell-check and grammar-check your work; "defecating" is neither an accurate or correct term for the situation.
I’ll tell you what, I’ll record a video of myself reading this out loud, later, and offer the critique as I go.
Here, dude, listen and heed well.
@HMarine59
Click to load content
Also, @HMarine59, why did you block me? You asked for our input; don’t disrespect us like that, dude.
Fear of bugs
19 November
A Twitter user asks Chris if Magi-Chan has a fear of bugs.
@MagiChan111448 does not have a fear of bugs.
Review request
19 November
RestingHornet93 (@RHornet93)
@CPU_CWCSonichu
He Sonichu! Now that you are doing reviews, do you think you could read my webcomic and tell me what you think? Christine inspired me in highschool to start my own series and I've recently been trying to redo it and improve my work. Tellnmenif you down 💜😊⚡⚡⚡
Well, send me a link to your pages, and I’ll have a look.
Here it is! There are currently 3 chapters, and my art work is wayyy better in the 3rd one than the first one. It is read left to right and down. Im so so honored
[Link to webcomic]
It’s not bad. It’s a good enough work. It took me a short while to get the gist from the intro. You have room for improvement; don’t stop on your work. ⚡⚡⚡
Mama Chris Chan in a deity role
19 November
DBZonichu (@zonichu)
It is just a funny haha
[Comic strip of Chris as a deity granting a Sonichu the perfect boyfriend]
I’m conflicted on how to feel about this. On the one hand, nice portrayal of Mama Chris Chan in a deity role; on the other, the dude said he was five years old. Kinda ruins it.
Jackets
19 November
In response to an artist tweeting out artwork of two Sonic OC's sitting together with jackets on
I like the jackets they’re wearing; that’s pretty accurate for the tailored jackets we back-appendage having types have. Suffice to say they’re easier getting off than it is to get one on. Particularly the snaps on the jacket backs.
Commodore 64
19 November
Ultimate Gamer (@TheUltGmr)
What was the console that introduced you to gaming?
Reply with your number 🙂
[Image of various console controllers representing their respective consoles]
Number 64 for Mama Chris Chan: Commodore 64.
[Commodore 64 GIF]
Simple is as simple
19 November
In response to an artist tweeting out multiple comic strips
Simple is as simple does where a sampler platter with a smile for those who don’t know what they like or want can help make a path.
CosmicKeyframe
19 November
CosmicKeyframe Productions (COMMISSIONS CLOSED) (@CosmicKeyframe)
Ive had to fight to get up and get out of bed. Ive not gotten REM sleep in days. I try to put on a face and get through it all, cause I want to be what you all deserve.
Im doing my best
So please understand if Im not communicative or if I just cant be as involved socially outside of pre-assigned duties.
I literally have no mental or emotional energy
That is a pain. Believe me, I’ve been feeling the cosmic effects and events lately; I’m sensing you and Silver, at least, are getting wind of the upcoming crucial event that involves the destined chroniclers/creators of this dimension. Stay strong; you are not alone, Key. ⚡⚡⚡
Right purchase
19 November
In response to a Twitter user tweeting a meme of a PS5 VS. a collection of Equestria Girls toys
I like to think we did . 😊⚡
20 November
✌ HeartTank64 ✌ (@HeartTank64)
Do you have the Optimus Prime MLP figure?
No, we don’t have one.
Favorite Pokemon
20 November
In response to a tweet asking people to describe what their favorite Pokemon is without actually saying the name of it
Quick as lightning, yellow, wears cool kicks, its PokéDex number is the same as the birth year of someone a lot of people know (minus 1000), and in the wild can be observed individually or in their herds. They were ever so hard to catch, even with a Fast Ball or Quick Ball.
Sonic animation
20 November
Chris quote tweets a tweet announcing the release of a Sonic.exe animation
I just watched that animation; very good job. It was both literally haunting and inspiring; I appreciate that you showed four
perspectives in all, so it’s 3/4 positive. Should have included our OG Sonic on Sally’s side, but that’s your choice.
Also, did you know there is a mod of me, Sonichu, for Sonic World; I would be more than happy to play with y’all in a collab vid; I’d even do a DeviantArt viewing. It goes without saying how meta we are. ⚡⚡⚡
I can even bring Rosey on; shame there isn’t a Rosey Rosechu Mod for the game yet; maybe by the time the video gets uploaded. She would love to play and commentate as well. But she would not play as Amy, though; only Rosey can wield lightning bolts as a whip, sword, or whatever.
Animaniacs
20 November
On @hulu, I’m checking out the first episode of the new #Animaniacs show. To comment, @warnerbros, None of the Warners were lost; they continued living on. Anyway, #PinkyandtheBrain’s show is satisfying as well. Someone make a pic of that “Brain photo”; use as a wallpaper. #Narf
On episode two now, and Yakko likes chakra work, too. Give him enough gems, he’ll do another #Yakko Song listing their names. I can recommend a couple of books. The Crystal Witch 2019 publication and the Smithsonian visual guide to Gems (a #BarnesandNoble exclusive). ⚡⚡⚡
Here’s another from #TheBrain during the 1950s, a real doozie: coffee with mayonase and canned ham. I’ve manifested a cup of black coffee, added a dallop of mayo and poured a bit of ham. The taste combination is definitely one that this body can’t handle. Maybe #Gonzo can.
[The Brain GIF]
Today, on #MathterpieceTheater: A Sonichu runs 770 mph from #Charlottesville, Virginia at 10:55 am EST, westward. A Rosechu runs 655 mph from #SanFranciso, California at 7:55 am PST. Straight line from either point, which city, state and at what time, there, do they meet?
[GIF of Sonic the Hedgehog running fast]
Oh, and the Rosechu from California is running eastward. My bad for leaving that out.
22 November
The Sonichu and Rosechu would meet in Lodgepole, Nebraska at 10:53 am, MST.
Moonlight
21 November
BulmaBunny (Tails and Sonic Pals) (@BulmaBunnyGirl)
Me when tell serious voice actors I do improv acting XD
I'm a CrAzY British woman... who makes roleplay crinnnge :D
[video of the Sonic Boom cartoon]
“Dancing in the moonlight! Everybody!” 😊⚡
Anime
21 November
In response to an animator tweeting out an animatic
Dot’s anime form was soo cool; she should have gotten the chance to shoot an arrow from her manifested bow.
Chris the art reviewer
21 November
Toshabi (@LycanTosh)
Dusk Ball malfunction.
[Artwork]
Very awesome. Mama Chris Chan’s been there, but maybe you can improve on the visual of the physical transformation and height decrease.
youtu.be/uQzq0OTRUKc
Happy birthday
22 November
Tyandaga (@Tyandaga_MLP)
I'm 24! :D
Happy Cumpleaños, big, young deer. ⚡⚡⚡
Darumaka
22 November
In response to a Twitter GIF of a Darumaka Pokemon getting kicked by another Pokemon
Daww, poor little Darumaka.
Chris "reviews" more art
22 November
Chris quote tweets a sketch of Magi-Chan
This sketch is cute and cool, but I feel like I need to put in my two bolts in constructive criticism.
The addressing of his proper gender is appreciated, and I can kinda gather at the bulge (not necessary to have the bulge drawn, but it’s your choice). But between the outfit and the quill style, it shifts to a feminine style, and I feel that is better directed at fan art of Magi-Chan’s genderbent self-counterpart, Lady Magíc Sonichu. So, you have a couple of options: retract the quill length and style to normal; make it look more masculine, like Magi-Chan.
Or, you may keep it as it is, but remove the bulge, make the tail female Sonichu style with the heart-shape end, add the eyelashes; call it a fan art of Magíc Sonichu.
Just my two bolts, and then some, but I felt it was appropriate for your situation and sketch. Thank you for sharing. 😊⚡
Take your pick
22 November
Ruby RoseyChu (@Ruby64723133)
I’m not sure who to draw! Help me out?
[Images of various Sonichu comic characters]
Take your pick.
Darkbind
23 November
Chris quote tweets artwork of Darkbind
Darkbind looks awesome.
Reported
23 November
In response to Helena G.F. pointing out a ween-made Twitter account pretending to be Chris
That is correct; I have personally reported them as well.
Sonichu GIF
24 November
Chris quote tweets a GIF of Sonichu
Daww, that is cute and cool. 😊⚡ Thanks a lot.
Haven’t forgotten your OC; Jas has been working hard with the others around here.
Sonic and Tails
24 November
BulmaBunny (Tails and Sonic Pals) (@BulmaBunnyGirl)
First Tails and Sonic Pals live stream was a success, thank you so much to everyone who donated you're too kind, and to my friends for joining me and too all those who stopped by!
Happy to share in the moment. That was fun. 😊⚡
Saberspark
24 November
Saberspark (@Saberspark)
Here are my thoughts on the new Animaniacs reboot! Lots of folks requested this one
[External link to the review]
We liked the continuation #Animaniacs, too. Personally, I feel like the best Pinkie retort finally happened, here. “Pinkie, are you pondering what I’m pondering?” “I think so Brain. Nothing, right?”
@Saberspark, do you have a favorite out of all of Pinkie’s retorts.
More Animaniacs
24 November
Here’s an #Animaniacs Meme everyone can get on board for themselves. Respond to Brain, “Hey, are you pondering what I’m pondering?” For yourselves, fill in the blank, “I think so, Brain.
But, ______________.”
[GIF from The Brain cartoon]
Me personally, here’s one I ended up making up a few nights ago with this brain. “I think so, Brain. But where will the fish go after Arbor Day?” I checked, and that one was never used in either series; old or present.
Comic strip
24 November
Toonish (@Toonish6)
@CPU_CWCSonichu
#Sonichu
I was gonna post this next Feburary, but I know I will forget. So I'll just post it now.
[Comic strip]
That’s cute. 😊⚡
Retorting the hater trolls
24 November
BulmaBunny (Tails and Sonic Pals) (@BulmaBunnyGirl)
I know i shouldn't respond to hate but...
[Screenshot of BulmaBunny responding to a hate comment stating that the voice acting in a video is awful]
Sometimes even a witty retort as simple as that suffices in making an example of a hater troll. You did very well.
More Sonic World DX and new Sonichu icons
26 November
A little something from a present project in progress for @SonicWorldDX and R9. The mod of me changed the colour of the S-Chu Ball.
Also a bonus, a few free new Sonichu Icons in png format: me, Rosey, Mama Chris Chan...
...Magi-Chan and even Nightstar. A little bonus for now. 😊⚡
Chris's thoughts on Twilight
26 November
DelTaco (@SavageSpoderman)
@CPU_CWCSonichu
do you like Twilight? And if so, where does it fit within the dimensions? Would regular people be able to become vampires?
The movies are okay. That’s a distant thing in C-197; not many want to become vampires, and cures for that to become normal again are available.
Incredible, would those who chose to remain vampires be persecuted or would they be allowed to live among their own in sanctuaries? I only ask because we are making plans for after the merge begins on what our next move would be.
They get to live with their own or as they will, but there are strict restrictions in place; the bite has to be consensual. Take up tomato juice consumption in place; that is the common practice with the vampire types.
Follow your instincts
26 November
In response to a Twitter user asking Chris for advice after experiencing an intense burning heat throughout their body
Follow your instincts, wisdom and common sense. Your body has been reacting to an event that is resonant with you; only you can look into your visions in meditation to do what you will and need to reawaken your abilities.
Happy Thanksgiving
26 November
Chris quote tweets a tweet from the official Pokemon Twitter account stating good morning from Pikachu
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone, from your friendly neighbourhood Sonichu and Rosey Rosechu. ⚡⚡⚡ Zap it Up safe and well.
Raneybee (@NoahRaney1)
Chris Chan love your work so made this card to add to my collection, happy thanksgiving!!!!!
[Picture of several Pokemon cards and one Sonichu card]
I see that; it could stand to be updated for actual gameplay, but for a souvenir, it’s cool.
In response to a Twitter user replying with artwork of Pikachu cooked like a turkey
Dude, that’s not funny.
In response to the same Twitter user replying that Pikachu is just a cute little turkey
What if someone drew You as dead and well cooked? Show some empathy for us animal kind. There’s a reason why Beast Boy is a vegetarian; dude’s got great empathy, I can tell you that.
27 November
Peaches (@peachypaladin)
Has Rosey always had cheek pouches??
They were dormant for years, but over the past couple of years slowly, they became more and more prominent, yes. Rosey Rosechu has always had her cheek pouches.
Womanly parts
26 November
In response to a ween quote tweeting Chris's Thanksgiving tweet with an image of Pickles
No, she had to have that removed in early 2008 day; at least she still has her womanly parts.
Sonic World
27 November
Project complete, at least for now; the music for the theme is not original, but the art is respectful and new; download and see this Theme now in SonicWorldR9, and later in DX.
@SonicWorldDX
https://gamebanana.com/guis/36196
Download full R9 game at https://sonicworldfangame.com/downloads/
Sonic World R8 voice clips
28 November
New Voice clips and Character Bio personally recorded and updated by me, Sonichu Prime, with Chris’ blessing.
Model and animations for this Mod created by CirrusFire (Also did the voice for the original version of this Mod), with custom art by Sack Tree.
https://gamebanana.com/skins/183391
Chris quote tweets his previous tweet
Added my voice to the Mod. 😊⚡
Joker (#BLM) (@PhantomJoker_24)
Nobody wants to hear your high pitched, nonsensical, incoherent, insane ramblings of a madman.
And nobody wants to hear your incoherent ramblings of a hater, but here we are.
For what we have is this one chance; what we have is this romance; you see, you see; this time tomorrow we’ll be, we’ll be...”
Do you really want to ruin this moment with nonsense hatred? Kra-Kow!⚡
Clever
28 November
On January 1st, hindsight will be 2020.
Clever
Cwcville question
28 November
Hey, y’all. I am going to ask a simple question, and I want only sincere answers, and absolutely no hatred or one-worded comments. All right?
Cwcville is not a linear city; it is large and diverse; what of the city of Cwcville, based on the map Christine drew up, is so linear?
Long Twitter thread
28 November
Hey. I want you all to just read all of this and listen up, because I, Sonichu Prime, have a lot to talk about right now.
Firstly, I am reading Opuscon789’s fanfics, and, hoo-boy, do I have my fair share of grief against him, but moreover on all of the haters in this dimension who have been talking nothing but smack against our one-and-only OG OC-of-all-OCs, Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu. You all are stuck on past, outdated notions and ideals that she has literally personally repented, felt bad in doing, and moved on for the most part. Chris is not a freaking narcissist that you lot make her out to be. She does not objectify women or whoever else. She used to, sure, but that was Years Ago. She has grown up and matured since then; she is not a freaking “Manchild” that you all want to hold in your memories, that is bull. And in response, Chris actually appreciates all of the amendmentns, including everyone having rights to bear arms. And she always has been for universal health care for everyone, including Obamacare. Sure, you all Think someone like #BillyMays would make for a good leader, but I got news for you all; in the few short Months he was mayor of Cwcville; he was a major do-nothing and had nothing in his brain about politics. And there are such things as Electoral Votes within the offices; it is not freaking 5000 to 1, freaking kangaroo. And Chris is not freaking fat; she has slimmed down, and she has breasts, which, let’s face facts: ALL boobs are blobs of fat, but they exist, regardless of gender; whoop-de-doo.
And another thing, do you all know when was the Actual last time Chris went out looking for a sweetheart? Years! The last one-and-overwith was that freaking fat-fetish troll. Ever since, she has not sought anyone, and her mind has not been on sex for most of nearly a decade. Why the hell do all of you humans focus soo much on freaking sex and all of the negative things within that and force those labels onto others? Stop projecting yourselves and your fetishes onto others; that is just plain dumb. Nobody wants that.
Another thing, the Dimension Merge: do you all seriously think Everyone is going to be teleported to One City in a single state and expected to live there? NO! That’s assanine! Everyone will stay where they are during the time of the dimension merge flash. Also, Equestria will remain in its sub-dimension area that can still be accessed by the portals; it is not going to freaking relocate from the East Coast to South Park, Colorado! How Stupid is that?! And Celestia, Luna, Cadence, Twilight and the other alicorns are not going to ever be on that chopping block with any politicians; that only applies to those on the Earth, who are Humans. Lightning Quartz (earth pony/alicorn); you all expect him to be a leader? He is literally not the type.
Let’s take a moment to bring up Evan George, that ungrateful hater troll. He may have discovered Simonchu; SIMON, not Simonla, but as Simonchu was still actually a sibling with Simonla, it is still valid. It is not a freaking “uninspired copy-paste, slight remodify and regendering”; they Both already were existing long before either Evan or Chris dicovered either of them, and they both called their physical appearances and features as they saw them. Now, Simonla’s and Wild’s daughter, Sandy. She is not blood-thirsty or epic violent; she is more tame than that and has good self-control. That ONE Time that Chris in this dimension ended up chronicling; they had good reasons, as those haters nearly killed her mom. It’s still just as traumatizing. And Wild Sonichu does not have a country bumpkin accent; his voice and accent is the same as Peter Quinn of the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Which can sequence well into the next topic: the relationship and workload share between Rosey and I I, Sonichu Prime, literally have done more than half of the chores around the house during the free time when WE are not out defending the city and whatnot. I clean up the entire house with the vaccum, I do the dishes; I even cook, and the food is delicious. And Rosey is not a sex object; that BDSM thing in Book 9 was HER idea; I did not put her up to it at all. It was a fun experiment between her and I; nothing more. And as Chris did end up chronicling in Book 15, and others, I actually listen well when talking with Rosey about our problems. I help her with her feelings and frustrations, and boy did we both have frustrations over the recent months, since we were near yet so far between dimension. She felt lonely, as did I. But, now, she is here in this dimension with me; fully, safely and well with her body. I still need to get myself and this body to Cwcville, true, but that return portal is still very difficult to manifest from this side of the iron curtain (and Jacob Sockness and his chronies are completely unable to manifest one, either).
Changing topics a bit, I’ll tell y’all some true stories that will fill some of those “plot holes” in the books: after that battle at the mall in book 0, Kel, Rosey and I journed for nearly a year together in training. Rosey ended up find her powers and abilities again, and she Can run mach-speeds; she is not powerless; she never was. She just didn’t know better for a while. After we returned to Cwcville, it was time for Rosey and I to move into our new abode; Kel continued on her journey and checked in with Rosey from time to time via emails, texts and phone calls. Kel has continued to do very well in earning every single gym badge for herself and her crew. And for the first couple of years since our return to Cwcville, Rosey and I were readjusting, and she still had some trouble with her abilities and powers, but she has been practicing and further retraining herself hard, and with Christine Chan’s help as well; I have been helping coach her along the way as well, but she put in the greatest work of all in rediscovering herself. So, yeah, our relationship over the years has been mutual 50-50 give and take, and all that; Not selfish bull crap like all of you seemed to think.
Off-Note, we Have fire departments in Cwcville; Bubbles is not The fire department; again, that’s assanine.
And Christine Chan never dozed off or was lazy in her work over her time as Mayor and defender of Cwcville at all. She has worked very diligently and hard on her decision-making and political tasks, in addition to the heroic duties as well. Yeah, the Sweetheart Search; that was still a thing with her, but she always failed, because of the Chronicler Clause Chris employed retroactively in 2018. And Christine Chan lost interest in the Sweetheart Search after 2010, when she literally and magically transformed fully, and permanently, from male body to female body, with all of the parts, and very little body hair on her human form. And during the times and years that have not yet been chronicled in Your dimension, here, we all have continued on and working hard, meeting more and more of the others who lived on our Earth in C-197, and continued to grow, mature and develop as individuals. Something that, apparently, a Lot of you humans in this dimension just can not seem to grasp or do for yourselves, so you project that recklessly upon Chris Chan.
Speaking of our dimension once again, Opuscon987 ended up not accessing C-197 in his fan fics; he accessed another distant dimension, different from C-197, where there, everything is just as all of you haters perceived of us, but we are not. And that Merge was between 1218 and That dimension, and SNT was taken away from C-197, and so were the rest of us. Fortunately, it ended up becoming completely undone, but our memories still meshed with our respective self-counterparts there, and that was no fun.
One last thing I want to point out about all of you bad trolls and hater types, including opuscon, himself, I am just as surpised as all of you that Chris, in all of her wisdom (she is literally intelligent and bright; never call her dumb or stupid again), still cares about all of you alongside the remainder of the population in this dimension who are the opposite of you lot; she sees the remaining benefits and genuine deep good in all of you. She is not dense or blind to all of y’all’s faults, but the respect is there. Also, post-merge, the world will Not be a “Chris Chan runned world”; Christine literally works with all of the other deities, and they all have priority governing and protection over their nations and domains, respectively. A Mayor is still present in Cwcville for the lower political activities, but since we have a literal Goddess with our OG Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, and while she participates in the politics, she mainly works hard in greater laws, helping the citizens, city and nation improvements, and all of that; same as Noire or Vert would do in LastStation and Lowee, and all of the other cross-national aid and work as well, diplomacies, included.
sigh* (not *sign*, as opus would spell it) But, I’ve let out all of my frustrations for the time being. I pray to Chris Chan and all of the other deities all of you will actually offer a lot less hatred and misjudgment upon her and the rest of us and the Dimension Merge, and a lot more kindness and understanding.
Sonichu.
P.S.
You may retweet all of that above, or whatever. With all of the haters hazers in this dimension, I feel like you all do not deserve the Gods and Goddesses, including Chris Chan Sonichu, herself, that have been helping and guiding all of you over all of this time.
[GIF of a figure jumping into a portal with text saying "BOOM!"]
Also to add, in regards to our music, literature, video entertainment and so on, in Cwcville, it is not limited; the media we have is not only local, and favorited, but also imported, exported, and a whole bunch that you all have here, and everything else we have in our world, from all around the world, and even throughout the universe. To go touting that “On every channel in Cwcville, it’s the Christine Chandler Show, or nothing but ‘I So Need a Cute Girls’ playing on the raido 24/7”, that is not the case; We Have Universe-Wide Variety.
SNT Vs Sonichu 3
29 November
Here is a fated supplemental for #opuscon987’s #SNTVsSonichu3, because we felt this was necessary and vital.
my.w.tt/JXgWdCtoPbb
Dimension N-641
30 November
In response to a now-deleted tweet talking about The Chris-Chan Show.
Oh, Sure, this is the theme song for the show that aired in Cwcville in Dimension N-641 that #opuscon987 forced our SNT to travel to, and the rest of us to temporarily merge with; that was a nightmare version. I have mentioned that I am sick of all of you misterpreting us. ⚡⚡⚡
Awesome "Pikachu"
30 November
In response to Helena G.F. quote tweeting artwork of a Sonic OC
Pikchu never looked more awesome.
It's worth noting that the artwork in question does not look like Pikachu and was not supposed to be Pikachu
Sonic card
30 November
Jelly (@MobianJelly)
What do you think?? If yall like the card design I can release the template so you can put in your own ocs and stats!
[Image of a Sonic The Hedgehog card]
Yes, count us in on that, please.
Cake
30 November
In response to CosmicKeyframe retweeting a video of multiple people cutting into, and eating a cake with wine glasses
that’s one way to eat cake.
Sonic movie
30 November
In response to a tweet asking people what was the last movie they watched in a movie theater
#SonicTheHedgehog
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=November_2020_social_media_posts&oldid=307950"