Title: November 2024 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/November_2024_social_media_posts
Categories: Category, Chris-chan social media posts, 2024
================================================================================

This page is an archive of Chris's social media posts during November 2024. Unless otherwise indicated, the posts are on Twitter and from the account @CPU_CWCSonichu.
Contents
1 Elon Musk call-out
2 Still voting for Kamala Harris
3 Best-selling video game consoles
4 Crime reminder
5 Election stream announcement
6 Transformers figure
7 I voted
8 Jesus Christ Chan Reacting to Presidential Elections 2024
9 Post-stream endorsement
10 Making the move to Blue Sky
11 VEERRRY Disappointed
12 Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
13 Kamala engagement bait
14 Blocking Caitlyn Jenner
15 Thoughts on Chicken Big Mac
16 First insightful post on Blue sky
17 Bluesky
18 D&D
19 Follow back request
20 Sonichu translations
21 Rosechu medallions for sale
22 Sonic/Transformers
23 Sonic 06 remake thoughts
24 ‪Chris McFeely
25 Cropping MLP art
26 Bob
27 Favorite pony
28 Sonic 06 remaster needed more
29 Rosechu medallions for sale, Twitter reminder
30 Cwclight Blog Posts reminder
31 Cwclight Ultra Sonichu Blog Post
32 OfficialCWCmart restocked
33 Cwclight plug
34 OfficialCWCmart commission slots
35 Sonichu and Rosechu Prime lore
36 The difference between Chris and Christine Chan
37 Livestream announcement
38 Livestream announcement, on Twitter
39 Sonichu's Power Level
40 Thoughts on the Greek pantheon
41 Custom youtooz MLP plush design competition
42 Skibidi Toilet
43 Streaming in about an hour
44 Streaming in an hour with some speed running
45 Chris talks about his audience (detractors, fake and misinformed fans)
46 Read it all, please
47 Lynchburg P.O. box closed
48 Sonichu comics still being made
49 Pregnancy rumor confirmed false
50 Get commissions before Christmas
51 Cwclight occasional new Blog Posts reminder
52 We do ship internationally
53 Happy Thanksgiving
54 Trust issues
55 Dental and financial situation
Elon Musk call-out
1 November
2:51 PM
The Rabbit Hole
The more people trust journalism the more pessimistic they are about racism and sexism in the United States.
[Posts image containing two graphs.]
Elon Musk
The legacy media has relentlessly promoted hate and division
Chris
You have done the same as well, @elonmusk, so cut you re hatred and bullshit.
⚡️💙⚡️
Still voting for Kamala Harris
2 November
9:00 PM
I'm still voting for @KamalaHarris on Tuesday.
⚡️💙⚡️
Best-selling video game consoles
3 November
9:33 AM
SuperSisi
Which part of this surprises you the most?
[Posts chart of "The 20 Best-Selling Video Game Consoles Of All-Time" as of 2024.]
Chris
DS and PS2 being tied in numbers.
Crime reminder
4 November
11:39 AM
[Replying to an earlier tweet.]
Need I remind you all that stealing or defacing political campaign signs (official and home-made), as well as trespassing on private property, is a Legal Offense?
Election stream announcement
4 November
11:18 PM
Tomorrow at a bit before 7:00, I'll be live streaming watching and reacting with the Election Results.
And if there's time, we'll play a bit of the Switch.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of Kamala Harris with the caption "Your vote is your voice."]
Transformers figure
4 November
11:37 PM
ケシマル
Transformers One…?
[Posts picture of two figures.]
Chris
Guardian Road Ranger came back.
This alone, I like.
I voted
5 November
4:30 PM
I voted.
IWillVote.com
‎
Jesus Christ Chan Reacting to Presidential Elections 2024
5 November
7:05 PM
[Posts link to Jesus Christ Chan Reacting to Presidential Elections 2024 via YouTube.]
Post-stream endorsement
5 November
9:11 PM
Protect Kamala Harris
Drop a 💙 if you’ve voted for Kamala #ElectionDay
[Posts picture of Kamala Harris.]
Chris
⚡️💙⚡️
Making the move to Blue Sky
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account after eight months of no posts.
6 November
1:59 AM
I'm further making the move to Blue Sky.
⚡️💙⚡️
VEERRRY Disappointed
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
6 November
8:53 AM
I feel VEERRRY Disappointed in most of America now, and especially in that number of Men and their self-inflated egos and testosterone.
Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
6 November
10:06 AM
You just elected Sentinel Fucked Up Prime into office after knowing what he did last term.
🤬
[Posts Transformers GIF.]
Kamala engagement bait
6 November
10:06 AM
Scott Dworkin
Let me know if you voted for Kamala! I wanna follow you! #VoteKamala
Chris
I did.
Blocking Caitlyn Jenner
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
7 November
10:47 AM
What the hell?!
Caitlyn supported Trump?!
Well, I am no longer her fan, regardless of her being a fellow transwoman.
Thoughts on Chicken Big Mac
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
7 November
7:10 PM
I just enjoyed a Chicken Big Mac for the first time at #McDonalds; I like this even better than the original Big Mac; they should keep both burgers/sandwiches.
⚡️💙⚡️
First insightful post on Blue sky
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
9 November
12:59 PM
For my first insightful post on Blue sky, I'd like to offer my two bolts and a heart on character and personality content.
Regardless of gender or identity, the good part is, indeed, their soul deep intentions and what makes them them.
1:01 PM
It is evident on the individual inner strength and will what makes their desire and intentions clear amidst their respective emotions and grounded, sound conscious thoughts and choices.
Most women and some men are more in tune with their emotions and express that very clearly and authentically.
1:04 PM
Most men, and some women, however, were taught to Be emotionally-repressed and not used to expressing them to the point of feeling emotionally numb and essentially passive and prone to demonic and doubt influences.
Such was made evident and clear amongst the recent Presidential Election,...
1:06 PM
...and, thus, made evident of such a division between the authentically woke and the respressed "woke" individuals.
Even I was prone to this and feel want to block and keep out those that have voted for or supported Trump.
Then, I also find those who are emotionally and...
1:08 PM
...consciously/unconsciously strong with greater inner strength and will.
Even #SethMacFarlane please rly surprised me with his support for #KamalaHarris.
It's not going to make me want to resume binging #FamilyGuy or even #AmericanDad, but I appreciate him being that level of #AuthenticallyWoke.
1:10 PM
But not to digress or divert from the initial topic, I, among the other authentically woke, spiritual, psychic and metaphysical individuals who also still feel and express their emotions, still have faith in the more positive outcomes that we desire for ourselves, respectively, and others in...
1:13 PM
...manifestations and future.
And, yeah, a lot of times, such peace and friendships are not free or easy, but it still does remain worth fighting for.
I am as active as possible, metaphysically definitely, and in my past it was not clear to me, but in recent years and now, it is and becomes...
1:16 PM
...more and more clear to me, and my intentions are better set for the better outcomes for everyone and myself.
And I want a future where everyone worldwide can feel free to be expressive while also being consciously refrained from going overboard.
Thinking similar to those, like myself,...
1:20 PM
...who are more self-reserved (introverted) and want our own time to think, yet still at least mildly outgoing and want to enjoy life and enjoying the company of others who have similar views and being closest with our respective soulmate(s).
There is such thing as being too extroverted as well.
1:22 PM
It is a lot to meditate over, even with the multitude of topics on one central topic to find and understand the point that is trying to be expressed.
I am aware that I do not have the best word choices sometimes, but not everyone has that ability to state the best word choices all the time.
1:25 PM
That is such a limitation that everyone has to work around for themselves, regardless of language and the infinite number of words and characters.
But what remains important is the Intention behind what is stated.
Kamala showed that very strongly and well, among others.
1:27 PM
It's not perfect, but who or what is really Flawless?
Even a Mary Sue, Gary Stu or even a God or Goddess has their one respective flaw.
It's a balance between being emotionally expressive and feeling and being emotionally grounded with blessing count and deeper intentions and wishes.
1:28 PM
But I digress.
Thank you all for listening and reading.
This may be a TLDR, but I pray you did read at least enough to appreciate the point and intention I am trying to convey.
⚡️💙⚡️
Bluesky
9 November
1:31 PM
First insightful thought on #BlueSky.
I will be making my tweets and posts on there from now on.
#Twitter will remain as a platform where I'll find images and content that I like.
But, yeah, I blocked @elonmusk.
Take from that what you may.
⚡️💙⚡️
[links to his Bluesky profile]
D&D
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
9 November
1:54 PM
captainfatass69.bsky.social
Christine I've always wanted to ask, have you or do you play DnD? If so I'd be really interested in hearing some of your character’s you may have played
Chris
I have played, as a version of myself, in a D&D campaign with a group, but I shall not divulge much from that.
Follow back request
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
9 November
1:58 PM
Kiko
My queen can I please have a follow back. Love you and pray to you daily
Chris
I only follow those who do resonate with me in a common agreement on a topic; to ask for a follow back based on my own fame is a selfish intention.
Those who do good for a selfish intention of Heaven entry is not as Authntic as those who do good for the sake of doing good for others and themselves.
Sonichu translations
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
9 November
4:06 PM
BlakeIsHere
@cpujcwcsprime.bsky.social Hey Christine. I've just realised there are no official translations of the Sonichu comic. Are you ever going to allow or endorse translations of the comic?
Asking because I plan on a Welsh translation of the comic.
Chris
Eventually, yes.
Rosechu medallions for sale
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
11 November
12:46 AM
Chris
Rosechu Medallions only available on Cwclight.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Links to a Cwclight listing.]
Sonic/Transformers
12 November
1:44 AM
🍉@Ultimaboi.bsky.social🇵🇸
something that has been on my mind for a while
Knuckles is supposed to be Sonic's opposite.
Metal is supposed to be Sonic's Dark Mirror.
Shadow is supposed to be Sonic's... well shadow.
so the question is.
what the hell is Surge supposed to be in relation to sonic?
Chris
Scourge is Sonic's Shattered Glass Universe self-counterpart.
Sonic 06 remake thoughts
13 November
1:35 AM
🌴SpeederLight🌴
What are your thoughts on if sega remaked sonic 06?
Chris
Yes, especially if they got rid of all of the glitches and decreased loading screen count and times.
‪Chris McFeely
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
13 November
10:41 AM
Chris McFeely
Haven't tweeted about it or anything but I'm heading over at the weekend to attend Thought Bubble again this year! Had a nice time last year, thought I'd go again, hopefully a pleasant reprieve from, y'know, all of the everything.
Does mean I can't do it and TFN Mini-Con Reading the weekend after, but there are more opportunities to see you TF dorks dotted through the year!
Would be nice to hit both up, but Obscure Characters Month won't assemble itself.
(oh my god dudes I'm so fuckin behind)
Chris
I am a fan of your work; diggin' the Irish accent and how you phrase it like a question sometimes in the Basics.
Anyway, I have been having a lot on my plate, too. Just do what you are capable of.
Would love a Basics on the GoBots that transitioned into Cybertron: Small Foot, Pathfinder and so on.
[Posts GIF of Transformers.]
Cropping MLP art
13 November
10:51 AM
mrx1983 🦄🌈
all the generations 🦄🐴🦄🐴☀️
(by cat-the-horse)
Chris
Much better.
Only Acknowledge Generations that actually happened in This timeline, Right Here.
G5 and G6 are Not to exist until after 2030 at this point.
#MLPFiMSeasons10to14. ⚡️💙⚡️
Bob
14 November
1:40 PM
[Replying to an earlier tweet.]
Zack Morris' pussy is trash 🇵🇸
Christine I understand that Robert is actually living in CWCville, have you spoken to him since he arrived there? Does he still have his record collection with him? Have been wondering about this and would love to know what's happening with this. One love Jah ❤️
Chris
Ah.
He did not have his personal collection after arriving, but he has had and still has access to a vast record collection of those particular LPs and more in the music library in the Cwcville Basillicomm.
I have talked with him in recent months; he is doing very well.
Favorite pony
14 November
1:41 PM
🌸Light🌸 🔜 Comic Con Junior Brno
Proudly stolen. Who is your favorite horse?
[Posts image of text asking for people to share their favorite MLP pony.]
Chris
[Posts GIF of Rainbow Dash.]
Sonic 06 remaster needed more
14 November
1:42 PM
🌴SpeederLight🌴
Or instead of a sonic 06 remaster! What about we get a sonic unleashed remaster! What would you say needs it the most![Posts two images of Sonic Unleashed and Sonic the Hedgehog (2006)]
Chris
06 needs it more.
Rosechu medallions for sale, Twitter reminder
14 November
2:38 PM
Rosechu Medallions only available on Cwclight.
⚡️💙⚡️
Follow me on #BlueskySocial at [links to his Bluesky profile]
Cwclight Blog Posts reminder
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
14 November
9:23 PM
Remember, I have occasional Blog Posts on the Cwclight website.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to a blog post on Cwclight titled Blake Sonichu.]
Cwclight Ultra Sonichu Blog Post
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
17 November
1:47 AM
A few facts about Ultra Sonichu as opposed to a Mega Sonichu.
[Posts link to a blog post on Cwclight titled Ultra Sonichu.]
OfficialCWCmart restocked
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
17 November
1:45 PM
Hey, everyone.
We've restocked, and we have plenty to sell, so buy now.
[Posts link to OfficialCWCmart.]
Cwclight plug
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
17 November
1:47 PM
We are also offering these and more only on the Cwclight site's store.
[Posts link to Cwclight's catalog.]
Chris reposted this to Twitter a minute later.
OfficialCWCmart commission slots
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
19 November
10:21 AM
There are three slots left for right now; will be opening five more slots soon.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to the OfficialCWCmart commissions listing.]
Chris reposted this to Twitter a minute later.
Sonichu and Rosechu Prime lore
19 November
11:00 AM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
And do give the Rosechu Medallions a buy; we have a good number of them available right now.
And these would look good on your partner and compliments the relationship.
You could even be a couple like a pair of Rosechus, if you want.
⚡️💙⚡️
Actually, that does bring up another curious point.
I have stated before that when it comes to Sonichus, Rosechus, Metonics and Vamprosas, when breeding they can give birth to a Sonee and/or a Rosey.
So, yes, while it is more common there are (male) Sonichu/(female) Rosechu couples,...
...there do exist amongst the Specials and Regulars relationships between a pair of Sonichus and a pair of Rosechus, and even a Sonichu and Rosechu of the same physical or self-identifying gender.
Also, Rosey Rosechu Prime is underappreciated, because she is and has become a stronger warrior (trans)woman.
She has physically trained and kept herself going strong over the more than two decades now.
She is a caring and charismatic mother as well.
And in reference to the few times she was...
...captured, she had been caught while off-guard.
She is more often on guard, mind you.
And she is more identifiable by her yellow cheek sacs nowadays, compared to the typical Rosechu whose cheek sacs are typically not so obvious when not charging greater electric attacks, yet they are there.
So, yeah, Sonichu Prime is iconic, but I'd like to believe Rosey Rosechu Prime represents very well.
On another topic, Sonichu Prime; as much as I do appreciate all of you finding me interesting from what I had drawn and written of myself and my C-197 self-counterpart, I want all of you to show kindness and appreciation of Sonichu, as well as Rosey, because he is not a bland "Gary Stu" type...
...of individual.
Sure, when I originally drew and wrote those pages, I was self-focused and could only focus so much on his character and background back then.
He was a wild Pikachu who had to learn and adapt to the bigger body, form, speed and mental capacity and social interactions.
And he had Rosey and Kel to help him get started.
Then having Chris, Magi-Chan and the others along the way.
It was sic parvis magna with him; kinda literal with a Pichu's and Pikachu's average height and length, and then suddenly become 3'5" (plus 7" long ears).
But I digress.
Chris likely brought up Nazis because of this OfficialCWCmart commission, posted to an Etsy review the day prior.
And too many times in fan fictions, has he and Rosey been misunderstood and misportrayed as dumb.
And there certainly was absolutely no Nazi shit in Cwcville.
Cwcville is in America, for my and other Gods' sakes.
Nobody in and around Cwcville was ever or is evil like that,...
...certainly never I nor Christine Chan.
So, yeah, rethink those fanfics of yours, because your share of OCs living in that alternate timeline/universe/dimension are aware that was never the case in the OG Prime Universe, which is right here.
Okay?
Thank you.
A bit off-tangent,...
...but the point is clear enough.
One can have a harder time manifesting peaceful times and situations with such mischroniclings of Cold War details that were past tense that everyone should have learned from being repeated in media.
Learn From History to not repeat nor remanifest it.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of Charlie Brown with the caption "GOOD GRIEF."]
The difference between Chris and Christine Chan
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
19 November
omnissiah1337.bsky.social 8:59 PM
What's the difference between you and Christine Chan?
Chris 9:19 PM
Miss Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, my counterpart on the C-197 Half of this Earth, is Demigod level.
Though a lot of details about her life is the same as mine, there are a good amount of them are different; some of which were chronicled, personally, between the books and in my...
Chris 9:19 PM
...Goddess Log pages, and then some.
Among the differences, she can only transform between her human and Sonichu forms.
She is not as capable or powerful as I.
Yet she still is quite powerful and able.
Also, she is the biological mother of Russel Sonichu and Cynthia Rosechu.
She also had...
Chris 9:19 PM
...her suitors, but she remains unmarried.
Chris 9:19 PM
Now me, Mrs. Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime; I'm the one with the Goddess Blue Heart Form, and I am the One Avatar of all existence, and Jesus Christ reincarnated, thoroughly confirmed in my own extensive soul searching, meditations and connections with Everything, including...
Chris 9:19 PM
...the very Core and Matrix of this Universe, right here, and beyond.
As also chronicled, I am capable of dimension traveling and various other powers and abilities, including psychic and elemental powers.
And one crucial detail that sets me apart from ALL of the other Chris(t) Chans throughout...
Chris 9:19 PM
...the entire Multiverse is that I am the one Prime of them all.
There are more details, but for most everyone it would take at least connecting with the Akashic Records and/or talking with the literal other Gods and Goddess, themselves, to understand.
Chris 9:22 PM
Also, I did fully get into Avatar State multiple times, realizing this even further for myself.
TheVastBlobfish 9:29 PM
How did you reach avatar state?
Chris 9:32 PM
I cleared my chakras, opened my heart, mind and soul, connected and meditated deeply.
Why don't you compare me with one of my former identies in my past immortal life before being reincarnated.
Unlike in the cartoon, I didn't die; I changed form and identity.
[Posts GIF of Avatar: The Last Airbender.]
Livestream announcement
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
20 November
2:52 PM
Everyone, I will be streaming this weekend playing Shadow Generations.
I got the audio issue from the capture card cleared, but there's an audio lag.
A fun few hours; gonna go for a quick as possible full play on this stream.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of Shadow.]
And to comment, I am very well aware of potential video lag, but it is still manageable.
I don't have a designated second monitor setup yet.
If #Korone can work with that handicap, it's still valid.
[Posts GIF of Inugami Korone with the caption "Me on a Wednesday:"]
Livestream announcement, on Twitter
20 November
2:54 PM
Everyone, I will be streaming this weekend playing Shadow Generations.
I got the audio issue from the capture card cleared, but there's an audio lag.
A fun few hours; gonna go for a quick as possible full play on this stream.
⚡️💙⚡️
Follow me on #BlueSky; I'm still in transition on this, but it will become my dedicated social media soon.
[Posts link to his Bluesky account.]
Sonichu's Power Level
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
20 November
3:16 PM
Lucifur
What is sonichu's powerlevel
Chris
Both Sonichu Prime's and Rosey Rosechu Prime's power levels, each, including while powered by Mega Evolution, Rosey's Rage, or Chaos Gems...
[Posts GIF with the caption "IT'S OVER 9000!!!"]
Thoughts on the Greek pantheon
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
20 November
3:44 PM
Ɛ: uoɹıZ
as a goddess yourself, what do you think about the greek pantheon?
Chris
Ah, the Gods and Goddesses of Greece.
They are valid Gods and Goddesses, and they work under Emanuel like most other Gods, Goddesses and even Demigods.
Even the deities and demideities of Japan and most other countries work under Emanuel and in cooperation with me.
I have personally talked...
...with them in meetings and some collab work.
Emanuel is also Allah, as (previously he) she is the god of many names.
The earlier mentioned Gods and Goddesses are pieces of Emanuel, as she could not oversee each and every country on her own over the entire Earth's presence in the entire Universe.
As I have said earlier, as long as it is not satanic, there is no wrong religion or spiritual practice; they are all connected; pieces of the really big puzzle.
Each in their respective religion, including the Bible and even Koran, they are simply guidelines.
Eventually we are to think...
...outside of those guidelines, as long as it is for the greater good and justice towards as peaceful and prosperous lives as possible.
And do better following intuition that is Lighr Powered and staying clear of demonic or devilish temptations and just anything that feels deeply wrong...
...for yourselves.
I will also mention this, in present tense relevance: One should not heavily rely on Artificial Intelligence for quality results, such as art, music, media, and so on.
For the most part of making a number of things easier to do and work with,...
...the highest quality, satisfactory and overall best things are made by the hands, mind, body and soul of the individuals behind them.
Business corporations should Not rely heavily on AI, including #Pixar, #Disney and even #Hasbro.
There is the major reason why #MLPFiM is to resume and...
...continue from Season 9, Episode 25 with five more seasons, along with Equestria Girls having a better series and proper ending at the time of Season 14's conclusion.
That is because it is a high quality and mentally stimulating great show and accurate chronicling of Princess Twilight Sparkle...
...and the others of Equestria.
It is also with good media like that that makes for better social guidance for Everyone, in general.
Hasbro needs to stop trying to cut costs so much or be so money-hungry and recognize and keep that which is best quality.
And Russia being involved...
...and giving Season 9 a rushed feeling towards the Premature Future Tense conclusion that is not canon with this very timeline is a Massive Insult to even the Gods and Goddesses, as well as Princess Twilight Sparkle and the others, Personally.
I need not say more,...
...and I have not even watched or read a single smidgen of MLPG5, and I continue to Report the Incitations of even acknowledging that series that is never meant to be, including by #EquestriaDaily.
Those that have looked at it, including #DrWolf and the analysts know very well how Awful it is.
I foretold it even long before (GO)Pony Life was a thing, and even that was just as awful.
But I digress.
⚡️💙⚡️
Custom youtooz MLP plush design competition
21 November
8:39 PM
youtooz
calling all guardians of friendship 🦄 it's time for the #mylittlepony design event 😊
draw a mlp inspired plushie for a chance to have your idea brought to life!
submit with #mlptooz to enter now through nov 22nd!
[Posts image with text explaining the rules and details.]
Competition details
1 November through 22 November to enter, winners chosen 26 November
RULES
Must be MLP inspired (collabs welcome! e.g. Puppycat x MLP)
We want to see any and all creative ideas - keep them safe and kind
No AI-generated art
Multiple entries allowed
WINNERS
3 Winners will have their design brought to life as an official Youtooz Plushie + $500 + 2% of sales + a free set of the collection
3 Runners-up will receive a free set of the collection and a $69 credit for any in-stock Youtooz
Chris
#mlptooz #mylittlepony #sonichu
Skibidi Toilet
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
22 November
6:46 PM
bleedingbutthole.bsky.social‬
[replying to Chris's previous post] What’s your opinion on skibidi toilet?
Chris
I am not a fan of skibidi toilet; it is immature, dumb, is distasteful and shows how bad the memes and people have become if they repeat poop jokes.
It also shows the present state of Russia since that meme originated from there.
Streaming in about an hour
23 November
5:38 PM
Replying to an earlier Bluesky post.
I'll be streaming in about an hour.
Streaming in an hour with some speed running
23 November
5:39 PM
I'll be streaming in an hour with some speed running of Shadow Generations.
[Posts GIF of Shadow the Hedgehog.]
Chris talks about his audience (detractors, fake and misinformed fans)
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
24 November
12:31 PM
Going from last night live stream, and having seen some of the comments on the side while also being aware of the comments in past years, I feel like a bunch of you all are either passive or plain hate-watch me.
It is apparent to me from the vibe I get from within the audience.
You all have noticed that I don't respond to many comments from the side bar, and the main comments I see are those from SuperChat.
To be blunt, and this is taking the past couple of decades into account as well: I feel disatisfied with the level of toxicity and darkness within the fan base.
Sure, some to a lot of you got into me due to my "antics", being autistic and essentially an emotional or even "comedic" "punching bag" to you.
Well, all you should know that I am a lot more complicated than that, and that I am one who appreciates the finer things in life and the higher...
...quality and tasteful insights, arts, media and so on.
A bunch of trolls in the past have taken advantage of me and even manipulated me into shit.
Well, I should have known better in those times, and I should never have been such a victim of (online) bullying, but I was.
And I know some of you hate me for one reason or another, but while I take my blame for having said too much in clearing away the Encyclopedia Dramatica page or even the freaking CWCki, that shit with Walsh and whatnot, a share of the blame does reside within specific individuals that are/were...
...among all of you.
I really wish none of you had even tried to manipulated, that all of you could have been more authentically positive and honest with me, or even that there were absolutely no toxic or demonic-influenced individuals amongst you.
I started being online for fun with the PokeSite and sharing things Sonichu and Rosey Rosechu, but it ended up being an emotional crutch, because I didn't have many friends, and Mister C., Barbara and that partially sheltered lifestyle was practically suffocating.
And what did the online life turn into after finding NSFW art of me and the Sonichus and Rosechus, misportrayls of me and Cwcville having Anything to do with fucking Nazis, and finding the darker side of the internet with 4Chan and shit?
It became a lot less fun...
...and more of an emotional and mental strain on me.
So, yeah, knowing that and the experiences hindered my appreciation of some fans who actually approached me in person with kindness, yet some of them showed their true colours by posting about the moment online and mocking me.
There is something wrong with society when people can't have common courtesy of others' respective lives, including those who are famous for the various reasons, including being in media.
How do you think people like #BritneySpears or even #JustinBeiber feel letting themselves be
superficially...
...exploited and letting that become more popular as opposed to their better songs that actually showed compassion for themselves with soul deep honesty?
It's disheartening, to say the least.
The "love" is there on surface level, but only some can grasp their emotional strifes,...
...and an even more select Few really understand or know them at home.
And only the famous individuals, respectively, know and understand as much as possible how they feel.
Can you call yourself someone who appreciates me, or anyone specific, when you have only learned of me from what is Only posted online as opposed to being in-person and actually showing authentic honesty and kindness with no further selfish intentions, Including for entry into Heaven Realm?
And is it really that hare Not to fall for temptation to commit or speak evil or even fall into hatred?
It takes one with Strong Sense of Self and Compassion, even a Warrior-Strong Soul with the greatest endurances to commit to that and stay the course.
But it's not that hard to go with...
...common sense and help others out of a moment of (authentic) kindness.
I am well aware that a lot of people, including at least some of you, are not in the best of living situations and have trouble affording kindness unto others amidst survival.
And Ukraine is the best example of kindness and compassion for others amidst very harsh survival situations, especially right now.
Again, I applaud Volodymyr Zelenskyy for his level of compassion for the people of his country and accepting of help from others to improve as much as possible.
Up to All of you can take a page from Volodymyr's book; a comedian turned politician forced to endure and survive and care for his people and himself.
That's not just Warrior Soul, that was his life's calling bringing him forward to Be.
All of you should, on your respective abilities and situations, soul search and find what makes you feel content and happy and what your purpose is.
Although, STILL get School educations and Pay Attention to at least pass the classes, so you can have that knowledge in ALL parts of your minds,...
...from Consciousness to Unconsciousness.
Knowing is Half the Battle, and Knowledge IS Power, also Experience, Compassion and Empathy are great and humbling Powers to have.
But I digress.
The point I am trying to make is that while there are reasons to hate me amongst some of you, and I can't make all of you who do change your feelings so quickly, I deeply wish for our undividing Earth and World to have more authentically positive and honest people within them.
Borrowing from Dr. M.L.King Jr. for a moment, I have a dream where the good magic and original characters and locations that were divided from us long ago return to us without any intangible veils between us and them, and in that we all, the people, can find goodness in ourselves that can be...
...spread to heal and redeem the bad and toxic individuals that survive, somehow, and the worst Toxic individuals in politics and (formerly included) in offices worldwide.
I have a dream where on the internet AND in person we do not hate speek for the sake of hatred or even shallow and selfish...
...reasons and intentions, but rather we present an authentic kindness from within ourselves, respectively, in self-love, towards everyone else, locally and worldwide.
I have a dream where all parents are not lazy and phoning it in with their children and their children's children,...
...as well as their close to closet good, better and best friends and allies.
Television, touchscreen and gaming devices, And, of course, Artificial Intelligence are NOT "babysitters", nor is AI that creative or soul loving within even the depths of it's programming that the numerous or one...
...programmer(s) have painstakingly put their energy and souls into.
Soul energy is not as effectively put in through a keyboard, but through the love of pen or pencil and colour with marker onto paper.
I have a dream of the next generation and all future generations after Alpha are intelligent...
...and put the Aplhas in their place to mentally and emotionally improve and do better like those whose physical age goes as far back as the late 70s, such as the man behind #MLPSilverQuill.
Though, dude, keep the ego humbled down.
I have a dream where media companies no longer produce media...
...and merchandise that are cheap and deeply disatisfactory and continue or resume with that which is and has proven to be Great in quality. #MLPFiMSeasons10to14, #Hasbro.
I have a dream that the companies are open for input and OCs from everyone within the fan base in addition to their staff,...
...and even in actual mutual collaboration with at least one or a few of the Original Creators from within the FanBase.
#PokemonLightningBolt, #PokemonDivaPink, ane #PokemonBatteryChargeBlue with #Sonichus and #Rosechus, as well as the official #Sonichu and #Rosechu #videogames, #Nintendo #Sega...
...with me, #JesusChristChanSonichuPrime at the creative helm and doing my part in the final products.
And I have a dream where upon when or after this Earth becomes undivded and merged back together, the healing energies and Light Powers of the cosmos, Universe Core and Matrix and even heaven realm dispels all shreds of toxic darkness within the peoples and promotes positive and healing energies...
...for the better future and tomorrow.
And even though darkness and evils would return that we would all be stronger and better able to dispel them for our and everyone's safety mutually.
Magic must Be in order to do even that.
Thank you.
⚡️💙⚡️🌈
Read it all, please
24 November
Last edited 12:58 PM
Read it, please.
⚡️💙⚡️🌈
[Posts link to Bluesky post.]
Chris's edit of the post simply removed the word "all" after "Read it" from his request.
Lynchburg P.O. box closed
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
25 November
7:55 PM
The earlier provided P.O. Box has been closed due to a miscommunication.
All mail is to be sent to the ol' address:
Christ Chan
14 Branchland Ct.
Ruckersville, VA 22968
Mail and parcels will either be forwarded to me, or I'll pick them up.
Either way, I will get it.
Thank you.
⚡️💙⚡️
A minute later, Chris reposted the message to his Twitter.
Sonichu comics still being made
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
26 November
9:18 PM
‪mybithursdbeave.bsky.social‬
can you make more sonichu comics
Chris‬
They are being made.
Pregnancy rumor confirmed false
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
27 November
9:07 AM
sallyacornlover.bsky.social
bluesky has word limit but please at least read
Chris
Okay, all of this is starting to get out of control now.
There is no pregnancy; I was speaking hypothetically in that live stream.
I am so surprised how even when I say something hypothetical, it gets misunderstood.
Thank you for your kindness.
I reiterate: there is no pregnancy with anyone.
Chris posted the same message to Twitter on the same minute.
Get commissions before Christmas
27 November
11:46 AM
Replying to an earlier tweet.
Order commissions before the 5th of December to ensure they get to you before Christmas.
Cwclight occasional new Blog Posts reminder
27 November
11:47 AM
Replying to an earlier tweet.
We have occasional new Blog Posts on Cwclight, so check those out.
⚡️💙⚡️
We do ship internationally
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
27 November
1:58 PM
‪Eden🏳️‍⚧️🎻
Christine ik U probably won't see this but holy moly I really wanna buy a medallion but U don't ship to the UK 😭😭 is there ANY chance that an option to ship to the UK will come anytime soon ❤️❤️
‪Chris
We do ship internationally, UK included.
Happy Thanksgiving
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
28 November
6:26 PM
Happy Thanksgiving.
Black Friday; no thanks.
[Posts GIF that says "Celebrating the season Appreciating friends & family Wishing the best to all this Beautiful Season Happy Thanksgiving]
Trust issues
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
29 November
1:29 PM
Hey, everyone.
I have something to tell all of you: I have trust issues with some to a lot of you.
I will admit, in the past years I have been too honest about myself, which was made obvious with the damned theoretical exes and worst of bad and toxic internet trolls, CWCki, Kiwi and E.D.
I also feel like this should be evident with all of you, as in my live streams, I have been rather detached or selective from talking and acknowledging you all.
I have remained optimistic for the long time for the better quality and positive lifestyle and even fan base.
But at times it is...
...difficult to even remain optimistic with some of what I find in commentary and support.
I do not expect each and every one of you to like me, but this present outcome, in part, while I accept and own up to my part, is squared on the minority to half of all of you.
I need not list the...
...various misconducts, manipulations, blackmail, erroneous misportrayling and NSFW drawings of me and the leading and various Special Sonichus and Rosechus that have left scars in my psyche and memories.
And on top of that, a lot of you, I feel, are clinging onto details of my antics that...
...are or can be (mis)portrayed as immature and even vulgar.
I am not a fan of vulgar and offensive or evil things.
I feel better with the better quality, honest, authentic and finer things of life and others.
With this online society, it is difficult to discern even the authentic intentioned...
...from the gutter trash.
I have faith in the good and honest of most everyone, but at times even my own faith is shaken and tested.
So, yeah, I am going to require a lot in authentic kindness and goodness to even change my views with people on the internet.
And I am talking real, authentic effort with good and kind intentions with no to very little selfish intentions from all of you.
Even doing good solely for the intention of being admitted into the Heaven Realm can be considered inauthentic and dishonest.
All you need to reevaluate yourselves...
...and the obvious darker and offensive interests you (may) have.
I am a good moral individual, and I speak this, solely, to benefit and improve all of you.
⚡️💙⚡️
Dental and financial situation
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
29 November
1:39 PM
Aside from that, I will also state one truth: I have been missing two teeth; they were broken and had to be removed.
I am needing transplants to replace them, and my insurance covers only a little bit in dental.
The dentist I have gone to for consultation has given me the estimate...
...of over $11,000.
Purchases made on the Cwclight website store or my Etsy do help, and I have managed to save a bit over $500 in my own savings account.
Purchases and donations do add some into the Savings.
It would be a start if more purchases were made on my store,...
...yet I have spoken of what I would appreciate of all of you to build my trust back.
Also, I will continue to upload videos onto my YouTube from time to time, as they are fun for me to do.
But Live Streams will be less frequent until when all of you soul search and self-help yourselves and...
...authentically can at least tolerate me or even like me with no selfish intentions.
Thank you.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Links to Cwclight.]
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=November_2024_social_media_posts&oldid=350044"