Title: Null
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Josh_Moon
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Incest Saga, Carpetbaggers, Chris's customers, Guard Dogs, Millennial Generation, Real people who have appeared in Sonichu comics, People, People from Florida, People from the United States, People who have blocked Chris, Things Chris hates
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• housing ideas File:KF chat - 25Apr2018 - Null Chris company.png
Null
Information
Name
Joshua Conner Moon
Date of birth
(1992-12-09) December 9, 1992
(age 32)
Also known as
NullKiwiMac[1]
Gender
MALE
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Guard Dog (former)Owner of Kiwi Farms
Saga
Second Exile, Guard Dog, Chandler's List, Twilight, Incest
Joshua Conner Moon, better known by his online alias Null, is the current owner of the controversial gossip forum Kiwi Farms (formerly the CWCki Forums). He occasionally contacted Chris between 2013-2021 offering some forms of help, although held conflicts of interest stemming from his forum ownership that resulted in carpetbagging.
During the spring of 2018, Null began acting as one of Chris's volunteer advisors, part of a group dubbed the Guard Dogs. Null attempted to report the Idea Guys to law enforcement, filtered Chris's email and set up another to weed out ween messages from legitimate business dealings,[2] as well as offering advice, such as warning Chris not to invade people's personal space at other conventions after Chris's behavior had gotten him kicked out of TooManyGames. The involvement lasted a few months before Null grew tired of it and cut ties, but Chris reconciled with him in 2020. Null continued acting as manager for Chris, such as attempting to fundraise a trip to Everfree Northwest.
In the wake of the July 2021 incest allegations against Chris, Null was snooping through Chris's email and noticed an alert from Chris's bank that he had received money from his mother Barbara's bank account. Null asked Chris about it, assuming it a violation of the Emergency Protective Order. Chris replied with misleading answers, and Null chose to cut ties with Chris again. Chris felt betrayed that Null had leaked their conversation and now sees Null as a Judas Iscariot-like figure once his Messiah complex reached new heights, since he now believes himself to be Jesus reincarnated.
Contents
1 Ownership of CWCki Forums/Kiwi Farms
1.1 1776 Hosting
2 Conflicts of interest
3 Early Involvement
3.1 Fundraiser
3.2 CWCki Forums Private Board
3.3 Cville Pride Ween
4 The Guard Dogs
5 Cutting ties
5.1 Chris turns against Null
6 Reconnected
7 Cutting ties again
7.1 Aftermath
8 Gallery
9 See also
10 References
Ownership of CWCki Forums/Kiwi Farms
Main articles: CWCki Forums and Kiwi Farms
“
I started hosting the CWCki Forums in 2013. Before Bob died, trolling Chris was particularly funny, but after Bob has died, it has become less funny and more miserable every goddamn year.
”
Null, on Chris's current-day trolls.[3]
The CWCki Forums was a forum created by Champthom to serve as a Chris-focused message board; he later passed ownership to Null. In February 2015, Null consolidated and rebranded it into the Kiwi Farms, shifting focus away from just Chris as the board expanded its horizons to other potential lolcows.
Null has often referred to Chris as a "dead cow" and largely shifts his focus to moderating the other boards.[4] As of 2022, his ill-advised antagonism of certain cows (such as non-binary video game developer Near/Byuu and transgender Twitch streamer Keffals) and mismanagement of the site has lead to frequent downtime and deplatforming; this has left Kiwi Farms as a less reliable resource for Chris information and discussion.
1776 Hosting
In 2018, Null launched a hosting service that hosted his Kiwi Farms forum. From 2018-2022, Marvin, the CWCki's owner, had the CWCki on 1776's service. As the result of a wave of DDoS attacks against Kiwi Farms in late summer 2022 which rendered 1776 Hosting unresponsive, Marvin opted to migrate the CWCki to another host in October 2022.
Conflicts of interest
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Chris's Therapist, Kiwi Farms silver coin
Null's activities with Chris had a conflict of interest with his own role as owner of the CWCki Forums/Kiwi Farms gossip forum. In an early contact from 2013, Null tried to manipulate Chris into registering an account on the CWCki Forums.[5] In an example from 2020, Null advised Chris to be interviewed by The Create Unknown,[6] then created a forum thread on it.[7] In another from 2021, Null used his contact with Chris to engage in carpetbagging by asking to use his likeness in the Kiwi Farms silver coins.
Early Involvement
The CWCki Forums care package.
The smaller items included, including a letter.
Fundraiser
Main article: 2014 house fire
After the 2014 house fire, Null sympathized, as he himself had suffered a house fire in his youth. He organized a fundraiser on CWCki Forums that resulted in several hundred dollars worth of supplies being sent as a care package for Chris to get on his feet again, with the remainder of the amount sent as a money order. Mistakenly thinking that the money order was signed incorrectly (and thus rendered useless), Chris insulted Null by calling him a "Dodo brain" on Facebook,[8] although later retracted the post. He then made a follow-up post thanking everyone involved with the care package.[9]
CWCki Forums Private Board
Main article: CWCki Forums posts (Null)#Closure of CWCki Forums Private Board
In November 2014, Null wrote a post on how he had closed down a private discussion subforum used by trolls. He did so in an attempt to discourage trolls after Thetan and Cousin Al's antics (respectively, impersonating multiple people in Chris's life, and rooting through Chris's garbage), saying that the trolling disturbed him and he didn't think there was any more comedy to get from Chris[10]
Cville Pride Ween
Main article: Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Countering Cville Ween
On 19 September 2015, Chris attended Cville Pride, a pride event in Charlottesville. A ween used Null's e-mail to send a message to the convention staff, where they pretended to be a concerned parent of a girl who went to the pride parade, only to be touched inappropriately by Chris. Null, upon finding a worried response from Cville Pride, posted the e-mail on Kiwi Farms and messaged the staff to clarify that this was a fabricated story.
The Guard Dogs
Main article: Guard Dogs
Null pushed to have the Idea Guys investigated for their alleged extortion and blackmailing of Chris. For a time, Null assisted Chris by screening his messages to separate ween and troll e-mails from legitimate business dealings, by setting up a custom e-mail address - christine@cwcville.us - for Chris to use.[11] The other Guard Dogs had vouched for Null to Chris, who rationalized the inclusion of Null – whom he would have considered a troll at any other point in time due to his ownership of Kiwi Farms – by playing make-believe that Stan Smith, a character from American Dad!, had vouched for Null as well:
“
when Chris first started messaging me he said that Stan Smith from American Dad said I was somehow affiliated with the FBI/CIA, which I think is entirely his head canon. If you wonder why I'm a big softy with Chris, there's a good example.
”
Null[12]
Drawing Chris sent to Null. Note how uncomfortable Null's Ponysona looks after Chris hits on him.
Chris's communication with Null got off to a rocky start. Null tried to avoid the subject of Chris's delusions as he did not want to further damage Chris's mental state, but Chris insisted on bringing up the matter. Null was subsequently horrified by what he had learned about Chris's deteriorating psyche:
“
He is utterly convinced [fictional characters are real]. I can't approach the topic with him at all. The first thing he asked me when we started talking was if I believed in the alternate dimensions and I said no. He got very mad, started describing his adventures, and I had to walk it back by saying "I can only speak on experience".
”
Null[13]
Shortly after beginning talks with Null, Chris drew an art piece of him as a My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic character to show appreciation for his Guard Dog-related efforts in May 2018, and followed Kiwi Farms's Twitter account a few days later. The drawing features Chris calling Null "handsome and cute".
Null attempted to screen weens from contacting Chris, shown in his thread OPERATION: Kingsnake, where he monitored an email account he'd created for Chris and publicly doxed anyone who tried to troll him.
Null also tried threatening potential orbiters such as Jack Z:
“
if you fuck with my tard, there are no rules. i have no idea what you're doing but if you're going to a con there will be pictures of you and they will be on this site. i will make sure your grandchildren, god forbid you have them, know you as 'that fucking faggot loser grandpa who fucked with a mentally ill tranny for fun at a male pony convention'. your feats will be etched into a particularly well illuminated corner of this website until the day i fucking die
”
Null[14]:
Cutting ties
After a few months, Null walked away from Chris, also abandoning his screening of e-mails directed at Chris.
On 25 August 2019, Chris, during his phase of role-playing as Magi-Chan, attempted to get back in contact with Null, though Chris got upset and ragequit when Null refused to entertain his delusions.
“
Chris just sent me some shit out of the blue and he immediately got upset and shut up after I addressed him as "Chris" instead of Magichan. Every single time I see this ludicrous faggot shit he's doing it's like losing Terry [Davis] again. It makes me so fucking sad.
”
Null[15]
Months later, when a Kiwi Farms user wondered if Null would be intervening with Jacob Sockness during that saga, Null reiterated his stance that he had washed his hands of Chris:
“
I'm not doing shit. Stop tagging me into the Chris board. I don't care.
”
Null[16]
Chris turns against Null
“
Even Null will be cowering before the judgment of the good deities, including Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, herself.
”
Chris, June 2020, during his phase of role-playing as Sonichu.[17]
In November 2019, Sockness, intent on manipulating Chris to trust only him, maligned Null to Chris, telling Chris that Null was a murderer and accused him of being "the devil in human flesh".[18]
Since Sockness had been giving validation for Chris's Dimensional Merge beliefs, Chris easily took his word on Null, who had only given help based in reality and refused to entertain Chris's fantasies during his time as a Guard Dog. Chris then took to Twitter to denigrate Null and the Kiwi Farms. Among his quotes:
I personally attest and confirm to these things against the Farms and Null. I am well-aware that not Everyone on the Farms is evil, but I still see genuine good amongst the remainder. Even a look into Null’s eyes reveals his demonic influence, even photographed. But, at this point and juncture, I feel it is time that I step up and finally begin the process of taking down the KiwiFarms for good. Everyone with genuine good in your hearts, I implore you all to leave the web forum for good. The time of its downfall in these set of events is upon us. I stand with the Good People in deity-level Light Power to take down the evils Null has been trying to influence upon everyone. The lives of those taken by his influence shall not have been lost in vain. Null, Troll Us No More! ⚡️💙⚡️[19]
Look, I Understand how this affects y’all, the good peoples; I am not blind to that. Which is Why I am encouraging all of you to ditch the KiwiFarms and escape Null’s deceptive grasp. Don’t let yourselves continue to be linked to this slew of murderous links and malintentions.[20]
[...] defending the Earths from the likes of Null and Jakoba. ⚡️💙⚡️[21]
Chris further stated that pony Null would die in the Dimensional Merge while noting that the Idea Guys would live:
I have read, re-read and meditated on this event: I confirm that [Sockness's assertion that trolls will not survive the Merge as their OCs will be wiped out] happens to the self-counterparts of all Haters and really bad people of 1218, as they were isolated in this one distant “Troll City”; All neutral and Good Trolls remain unaffected, as well as the few select bad people and haters, as they are fated to continue for a future judgment and retribution, such as IdeaGuy and Boyd paying back what they extorted. I do confirm, that not of a disease, but a fated event literally took out Null’s Equestria (Pony) OC axnd self-counterpart, even though drawn by my hand some time ago. This had happened beyond my own control. So, among the bulk of Haters, Null will not survive.[22]
Reconnected
“
Moon is an ally; we are of neutral feeling about him, and we are most grateful for his help and abilities throughout all of these times, despite his consciously spoken “disbelief” in things “fictional”, regardless of them all being literal fact and happening as we speak.
”
Chris in Discord Q&A 2, August 2020.
After Sockness's influence over Chris ended, Chris viewed Null as an ally once again.
During his phase of being possessed by Sonichu, Chris would send a series of messages to Null, spouting bizarre lore about Jacob Sockness. Null responded by first complimenting Chris on the joy he's brought to many people and said that he was open to help him if he needed something. But continued on to say that he refused to role-play or talk with him about things that aren't real. Chris responded somewhat angrily, saying that he really was possessed by Sonichu and continued rambling about more lore until Null finally told him he wasn't interested on giving more attention to Jacob Sockness.
Null joined The Place Discord server where he sometimes chatted with Chris or spoke with server members about him.
In September 2020, Null tried to assist Chris with catching up on unfulfilled customer orders (which Chris took advantage of in a talk with a customer, telling the customer to talk to Null about a delay in shipping instead).[23] In November 2020, Null assisted Chris with arranging potential interviews.[24] In February 2021, Null asked Chris for permission to use his image in the creation and sale of coins for a Kiwi Farms merch run, also offering compensation for using his likeness.[25] Chris agreed to this.[26]
Null has stated that he had a plan for assisting Chris with housing after his mother passes away.[27]
Chris was apparently under the impression Null had ties to organized crime. According to Null, at some point, Chris tried asking him to kill someone.[28] According to Kyle, in February 2021, Chris wanted a hooker and asked Kyle to ask Null to get him one.[29]
In June 2021, Null announced that Chris would attend Everfree Northwest, a My Little Pony convention to be held on 13 August 2021. He mentioned vetoing Chris's plan to drive there and recommended taking a flight, saying he would help Chris with financial arrangements.[30] On 9 July 2021, Null created a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for the trip. The GoFundMe met its $1000 goal 6 hours after going live. Throughout the majority of July 2021, Null helped Chris by continuing to organize and update the GoFundMe campaign.
Cutting ties again
See also: Affair with Mother
“
I really don't think you will ever get it. It's probably too late now anyways.
”
Null, after finding out Chris had sex with his own mother, and a day before blocking him
The following day on 31 July 2021, during the fallout from the aforementioned incest allegations against Chris, who was now legally barred from 14 Branchland Court and from contacting his mother for a week by Emergency Protective Order, a conversation was held between Null and Chris. Null, who was allowed by Chris to help manage his email account, noticed an email notification from a bank showing a transfer of $750 from Barbara's bank account to Chris. When asked, Chris initially denied transferring any money, but later admitted to lying to Null about the funds after being confronted with proof.
Null then notified the police that Chris had taken money from Barbara in a potential violation of the EPO and then cut all ties with Chris, blocking him on Telegram.[31]
Aftermath
“
Fate and Karma are hitting Josh Moon Hard for his past sins and demonics. And yet, I still find curious if either he or Bella would have been better kissers than Judas Isacariot.
”
Chris, in a July 2022 letter
In September 2021, Chris, from jail, directed a letter to Null in which he expressed upset at Null for "betraying" him by leaking info that he had taken money from his mother and mentioned that he had done so because he had felt uncomfortable sleeping in his car in a parking lot. He compared Null's behavior to Judas's betrayal of Jesus in the Bible. The money which Chris had taken had gone towards a room at the Regency Inn Richmond. Despite Null's accusation of theft, Chris was not charged for taking the money.
Gallery
Chris follows Kiwi Farms.
Pony Null appears in a bonus page for Sonichu #12-9.
Artwork Chris made for Null in order to promote the July 2021 GoFundMe campaign.
Null's ponysona defending Nightstar on a TSSSF card.
Another TSSSF card.
A jail artwork from June 2022 in which Chris blames Null for betrayal.
See also
Guard Dogs
Kiwi Farms
Kiwi Farms posts (Null)
Kiwi Farms silver coin
Null DMs
OPERATION: Kingsnake
References
↑ File:Kiwimac.jpg
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Legit Emails
↑ Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; no text was provided for refs named currenttrolls
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Dead Cow
↑ CWCki Forums posts (Null)#Attempt to Convince Chris to Join
↑ The Place chats (October 2020)#Interview Prep, Mad Over Wikipedia
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Create Unknown Interview
↑ January 2014 Facebook Posts#Hey, Dodo Brain!
↑ January 2014 Facebook Posts#BIG BOX of stuff
↑ CWCki Forums posts (Null)#Closure of CWCki Forums Private Board
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Email and Blog Plans
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Stan Smith
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Chris's Beliefs
↑ File:NullsThreatToJackZ.png
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Sad About Chris's Roleplaying
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Not Dealing with Sockness
↑ June 2020 social media posts#Fantasy on exposing the trolls
↑ 2 Nov 2019 tweet (archive)
↑ November 2019 social media posts#Bashing Null
↑ November 2019 social media posts#Ditch Kiwi Farms and Null
↑ November 2019 social media posts#Can't we all get along?
↑ November 2019 social media posts#Sockness's war role-play
↑ Justin DMs
↑ November 2020 social media posts#Dimensional merge stuff
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Coin Run Compensation
↑ https://twitter.com/Job4_2/status/1381713091092738052 (Archive https://archive.fo/9FDsh)
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Housing Plan
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Wanting Null to Kill Someone
↑ The Place chats (March 2021)#Chris wanted a hooker
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Null)#Everfree Northwest Announcement
↑ Null DMs#Chris takes money from Barb
Second Exile
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Michael Snyder
Rob Bell
Mia Hamm
Barbara Chandler
Rocky Shoemaker
Anna McLerran
Kim Wilson
Null
William Waterman
Death of Bob Chandler
Facebook
This is how the Trial went
2012 Poster campaign
House Fire
The "Black Tape"
Rocky Shoemaker call
You're Always Pretty
Message for John Kyle
Lego Manchester High
Tour of Chris's House II
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
Guard Dog Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Anna McLerran
The Captain
Marvin
Null
Kim Wilson
Jack Z
Bryanfrogboy
The Captain DMs
Marvin DMs
Null DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)
Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)
Kiwi Farms posts (Null)
OPERATION: Kingsnake
Coinciding Sagas: Idea Guy, TTS
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
Incest Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Knights of CWC • Halal Server • Burn Book • Chess Club • Chris Chan Conservation Collective
People: Chris • Barbara Chandler • Bella • Fiona • Null • Spooky Bones • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Ethan Ralph • Lavenderbonez • EllDudeRocks • Naught • MKRNightVee • Dillin Thomas
The Games
Chats:
The Affair:
Incest Call
Incest Texts
Lady Friend Discussion
Null DMs
WCT DMs
Pre-Jail Interview with WCT
Regarding Chris chats
Halal Server chats
Affair with Mother
Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
Emergency Protective Order
The Arrest
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight
v • d • e
Business
Platforms
CWCville Shopping†  • Cwclight • eBay†  • Etsy (OfficialCWCmart)  • Lulu*  • Patreon†  • Redbubble*  • YouTube*
Crafts
Medallions • Sonichu Amiibo • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
Drawings
Sonichu comics • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing • Commissions
Videos
Interviews • Paid Video Requests
eBay Sales listings
2008–2013 • 2014–2015 • 2016 • 2017  • 2018 • 2019 • 2020
Commissions and Collaborations
Prequel Comic  • Sonichu and Night Star Plushies  • Shrek Retold  • Praetor
Other
Autographed photos  • Yep, I'm on T.V. Two DVD Set  • Skylanders avatar
Managers
Bryanfrogboy • Caden Peck • Null
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Null&oldid=354243"