Title: OfficialCWCmart Jail Art
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Praetor_Jail_Art
Categories: Articles of the Now, Jail Saga, CWC drawings, 2021, CWC drawings, 2022
================================================================================

A letter that Praetor had sent to a paying customer.
OfficialCWCmart Jail Art is artwork Chris drew while in Central Virginia Regional Jail on his incest charge. Chris gave Praetor permission to sell the drawings on their online shop OfficialCWCmart.
The art is drawn with black and blue ballpoint pens, black being used for the outlines and blue to illuminate select details. Praetor appears to send letters to people who pay for the art Chris sent to them.
The earliest pictures are undated but appear to have been drawn and sent out prior to Chris's transfer to Western State Hospital in February 2022. Following Chris's return to Central Virginia Regional Jail in May 2022, he continued to draw art for public consumption, with June and August being especially productive months. He continued to send out jail art even after his case was sealed in August 2022, indicating that he was not completely cut off from the outside world, although many of his later drawings did not surface on the internet until months after the dates on which they were drawn. As of June 2023, no jail art dated later than 26 November 2022 has emerged.
The descriptions that Praetor wrote on Etsy are represented in brown.
Contents
1 "Sonichu Prime and the Cyan Master Emerald", undated
2 "The Universe's Core", undated
3 "Rosey Slices. Rosey Dices. But That's Not All.", undated
4 "Magi-Chan Sonichu Chaos Controls", undated
5 "Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu's Second Coming", undated
6 "You'd Better Have Faith and Believe It", dated 05/06/2022
7 "Happiness Can Still Be a Hug Away", dated 05/06/2022
8 "Wild and Punchy in Flight", dated 05/06/2022
9 "Flashzap", dated 11/24/2021
10 "A Prayer of Angelica Rosechu", dated 05/14/2022
11 "Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime's First Visit to a Village of Wild Sonichus and Rosechus in 2004", dated 05/14/2022
12 "How Sweet it is to be Soul Bonding With You", unknown date
13 "The Sonichu Temple's Relocation", dated 12/10/2021
14 "Val Sonichu's Coffee Break", dated 06/19/2022
15 "An Atlantic Dip" , dated 06/24/2022
16 "Introducing Donnie Sonichu, Direct Son of Blake Sonichu and Bubbles Rosechu", dated 05/06/2022
17 "An Honest Self-Portrait from June, 2021", dated 06/05/2022
18 "Prideful Interview With God", dated 06/19/2022
19 "Sun of Righteousness", dated 06/29/2022
20 "A (Dragon fruit) Tea With Sylvania Rosechu" , dated 06/28/2022
21 "An Atlantic Sloop", undated
22 "Neo Holy Sigils for Self Love and Spirituality", dated 05/06/2022
23 "Tea Talk With Cryzel Rosechu", dated 06/29/2022
24 "COME_ADORE_BASIC_REVALATIONS_LOAD, 8, 1", dated 06/26/2022
25 "The Ethereal Rosechu", undated
26 "As the Prophecised Scriptures Shall Manifest", dated 08/22/2022
27 "Is This A GameStop Ad?", dated 08/25/2022
28 "Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime and Cwcville's Cyan Master Emerald", dated 08/23/2022
29 "Holy Flame Sky Uppercutting the Devil", dated 08/25/2022
30 "Sonichu Prime and Sonic the Hedgehog Prime-The Chaos Control of all Chaos Controls", dated 08/25/2022
31 "Round Table of Magi-Chan Sonichus", dated 08/25/2022
32 "Calming a Wave in Texas", dated 08/25/2022
33 "The Fall of Not Babylon", dated 08/25/2022
34 "A Coffee Jelly Break", dated 08/27/2022
35 "With Healing In Her Wings Of The Morning Into Neo Lives", dated 08/27/2022
36 "Punchy and Speedy", dated 08/27/2022
37 READ DESCRIPTION: "A Free Gift for Gibi", dated 08/27/2022
38 "Lady Magic Sonichu", dated 08/28/2022
39 "A Meditation Circle in a Neo Spiritual Christianity Chapel in Jerusalem", dated 08/28/2022
40 "Do YOU see what I see? KNOW what I know? You had better LISTEN, or be out of the Flow", dated 08/28/2022
41 "Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu", dated 08/28/2022
42 "Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime - Avatar State", dated 08/28/2022
43 "Sonicha Sonichu and Rossen Rosechu", dated 08/28/2022
44 "Ultimate Miracle", dated 08/29/2022
45 "The Council of Chris Chans ", dated 08/29/2022
46 "Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Vs. Shattered Glass Christ Chan Sonichu", dated 08/29/2022
47 "Returning Home to the Sonichu Temple", dated 08/30/2022
48 "Is That Chaos Control at the Sonichu Temple?", dated 08/30/2022
49 "Rosey Rosechu Prime Vs. Rascala Rosechu", dated 08/31/2022
50 "Sonichu Prime Mach Speed Thunderpunches Scourge the Hedgehog", dated 08/31/2022
51 "The Fall of the Toxic Online Cesspool", dated 09/13/2022
52 "When Bubbles and Blake First Met", dated 09/15/2022
53 "My C-197 Self-Counterpart's Past Self and I", dated 09/19/2022
54 "Naitsirhc Failed, Even With a Wig, Glasses, and Moustache", dated 10/20/2022
55 "A Sole Swap", dated 11/05/2022
56 "Alpha Omega", dated 11/12/2022
57 "Welcome to the Akashic Records", dated 11/12/2022
58 "Akashic Record Zone Act 1∞∞ (One Infinity Squared)", dated 11/12/2022
59 "Soup Store Double Feature", dated 11/13/2022
60 "The Schulz Collection", dated 11/26/2022
61 "The Life and Times of Jesus Christ."
62 "Sonichu and Christine", undated
63 "I Had Returned Home", undated
64 Reviews
65 References
"Sonichu Prime and the Cyan Master Emerald", undated
Price: $170 (sold)[1]
This authentic Chris Chan Prison Art was drawn while Christine was being incarcerated in Orange County Jail.
This piece depicts Sonichu calling on the power of the Chaos Emeralds to merge dimensions and save the peoples of all dimensions from rapture. He prays to Mama Jesus Christ Chan for strength, as we all do.
This framed piece is autographed and drawn on a piece of county jail scrap paper.
Sonichu is drawn next to an enormous Master Emerald reciting Tikal's Prayer (from Sonic Adventure): "The servers are the seven Chaos. Chaos is power; power enriched by the heart. The controller serves to unify the chaos. " He then says "I pray to Mama Jesus Christ Chan this works. Cyan Master Emerald of our CWCville, I need you and the other six Master Emeralds to save both Earths' peoples."
"The Universe's Core", undated
Price: $175 (sold)[2]
This piece was drawn by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated in Orange County Jail.
Titled "the Universe's Core," it depicts Rosechu and Christine (in her Supreme Sonichu form) melding energies with the Center of the Universe. The core itself is depicted as an eye-like structure, diffusing life sustaining energy to all creatures and peoples.
Christine states that her energies come from the core, and such energies can only be conducted through deep meditation.
This piece is framed, inked, signed, and drawn on a piece of prison scrap paper.
"Rosey Slices. Rosey Dices. But That's Not All.", undated
Price: $170 (sold)[3]
This piece was drawn while Christine Chandler was being held in Orange County Jail.
The art shows Chris Chan's loving wife Rosechu the Hedgehog defeating a robot, as any good wife should. Text at the head of the page reads : "Hi! Rosey Rosechu here. Welcome to my podcast. Today, we are showing you how to destroy Eggman's robots. Step one... Slice!"
The drawing is framed and autographed.
"Magi-Chan Sonichu Chaos Controls", undated
Price: $165 (sold)[4]
This drawing was made while Christine was being held in Orange County Jail.
This pen-on-paper masterpiece features Sonichu doing one of his most powerful moves, Chaos Control. Christine intended to capture the power of the move through the aura drawn around Sonichu, radiating energy.
This framed picture is autographed, authentic, and drawn on prison scrap paper.
"Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu's Second Coming", undated
Price: $165 (sold)[5]
This art piece was created while Christine was still incarcerated in Orange County Jail.
The drawing depicts Christine descending from heaven in her Goddess form. All powerful and all knowing, she dispenses her knowledge and divine retribution. Let the trolls tremble.
We were told to say this.
This piece is framed and autographed.
"You'd Better Have Faith and Believe It", dated 05/06/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[6]
An artpiece created by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. A description and title have been provided via letter by Christine.
You'd Better Have Faith and Believe It:
"Resting a hand on a Chaos Rainbow, Jesus Christ Chan admires the view of both Earth's that make up the One Earth of Universe 1C-211987. As you may say, along with the other Gods and Goddesses she works with, "She's got the whole Worlds in her hand."
Well said.
"Happiness Can Still Be a Hug Away", dated 05/06/2022
Price: $300 (sold)[7]
I'm going to level with you here, this is the most depressing drawing I feel Chris has ever made. I'd keep it if I could, but Christine has demanded it be sold so that I can continue funding her love of vending machine Grape Fanta.
This artwork is depressing. It's been a long road, and now we're here. Here's a curt description, provided by Christine via a letter.
Happiness Can Still be a Hug Away:
"Featuring Sonichu Prime and Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu. Simple as it gets to enjoy the comfort of your loved ones in a simple hug, and a bit of soul bonding."
The price is high, as my soul has been sold to Sonichu. This is the only way I'll ever afford to get it back.
"Wild and Punchy in Flight", dated 05/06/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[8]
This is a piece of artwork done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. The following is a description and title written by Christine provided via letter.
Wild and Punchy in Flight:
"Here you go. Here's Wild Sonichu jumping High off the ground with his leaf tail and using it to glide and fly sky high as he likes to sometimes. More often, he feels his grassy roots on the ground."
It should be a felony in Virginia not to own this beautiful piece.
"Flashzap", dated 11/24/2021
Price: $175 (sold)[9]
A piece of jail art created by Christine Weston Chandler. A description has been provided by her via letter.
Flashzap:
"Inspired in part by Snoopy as Flashbeagle as he Flashdanced in a most iconic, classic Peanuts Special. Yet this Bar and Grill exists in Cwcville Virginia, and I personally do possess a great number of most energetic and vibrational dance moves. "She steps out on the floor without making a sound, then she starts hearing the beat. You would think the floor is moving the way she's moving her feet. She's a champion! She's the best! Impossible to tame! People say that's she's obsessed, listen to her name! They call her Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus Christ Chan!"'
It should be noted that the last "S" in Jesus is stylized as a lightning bolt in her letter.
Based on the 1984 special It's Flashbeagle, Charlie Brown. A voice from the crowd says "That god can sure bust a move!"
"A Prayer of Angelica Rosechu", dated 05/14/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[10]
This artwork was done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. A description has been provided by her via letter.
A Prayer of Angelica Rosechu:
"A holy and divine moment as Angelica in her Neo Spiritual Christianity Church prays for the safety and well-being of All from Universe 1218's Earth who are collectively shifting to the recombined Earth in Universe 1C-211987
Angelica is depicted thinking, "I pray for the good health, safety and well-being of all who are shifting to our humble universe's earth in our Lord and God's second coming. May ye all be blessed. Amen!"
"Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime's First Visit to a Village of Wild Sonichus and Rosechus in 2004", dated 05/14/2022
See also: Jail Art (reverse side)
Price: $175 (sold)[11]
Art piece
Reverse side of the art piece, shared by the buyer[12]
This artwork was created by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. The following description was provided by her via letter.
Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime's First Visit to a Village of Wild Sonichus and Rosechus in 2004:
"This is a first for Sonichu and Rosey, as back in 2004 they were guided to a distant community of Sonichus and Rosechus in the wilderness. The distant communities of the wild Sonichu and Rosechu Pokemon are a clothing optional society. Most of them within are regular Sonichus and Rosechus. Off-Camera in this particular village there are elders who wear full body clothing, also the leader of this small colony. Artist/Chronicler's note: drawing this felt like drawing a Smurf village."
Sonichu thinks "Wow! Look at them all!" Rosechu thinks, "What a diverse group!" even though they all look identical.
"How Sweet it is to be Soul Bonding With You", unknown date
Price: $175 (sold)[13]
This artwork was created by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. A description has been provided via letter.
How Sweet it is to be Soul Bonding With You:
"A simple piece featuring Magi-Chan and I as we Soul Bond together in a most Enlightening and Euphoric feeling like flying throughout the cosmos freely."
"The Sonichu Temple's Relocation", dated 12/10/2021
Price: $175 (sold)[14]
This artwork was created by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. A description has been provided via letter.
From Ruckersville to Cwcville - The Sonichu Temple's Relocation:
"Consider this a premonition piece as the Sonichu Temple shall be relocated between the Cwcville Bassillicom and Angelica Rosechu's Church. And yes, one of the eight Master Emeralds, the Cyan one, is located in Cwcville VA."
In Hyperdimension Neptunia, a Basilicom is an organization that serves the goddesses and governs each land. Along with housing the Goddesses, it also a place where people go to worship the Goddesses and the place where the Goddesses reside.
"Val Sonichu's Coffee Break", dated 06/19/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[15]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter, as well as a written letter to the buyer on the back from the perspective of Val Sonichu.
Val Sonichu's Coffee Break:
"A simple moment at a Starbucks café in Cwcville as Val meditates and counts his blessings of present and recalls the past with his Chris Chan from the lost alternate timeline of long ago."
Val Sonichu is a Sonichu with black streaks in his fur and a third eye in his forehead.
"An Atlantic Dip" , dated 06/24/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[16]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
An Atlantic Dip: "See Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu with a hippo on her head after a misdirected crash into the Atlantic Ocean, with paraphrasing of a certain movie's lines with her own Truth and emotions."
Jesus Chris-Chan Sonichu says, "So, as I crashed into the cold, dark waters of the Atlantic, I realised a few things. I know where I am going, yet only some idea of how or when to get there. Salt water stings, but I can swim. I shouldn't even be here right now, but I am. Why? Because Bella and Null betrayed me! They betrayed me! And yet, I still wonder if either of them were a better kisser than Judas Iscariot. I'm wet. I'm cold. There's a hippo on my head. And clearly, I'm not gonna be able to do this on my own."
"Introducing Donnie Sonichu, Direct Son of Blake Sonichu and Bubbles Rosechu", dated 05/06/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[17]
This piece of jail art was created by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated. Frames are no longer included to save on shipping expenses for buyers. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Introducing Donnie Sonichu, Direct Son of Blake Sonichu and Bubbles Rosechu: "This is Bubble's and Blake's son, Donatello Sonichu (aka Donnie); an Electric/Water Type with Blaze ability and Fire Bending attacks as well. He evolved at a high level of 20, but still has years of experience and maturity to catch up on. He has assessed the basic to advanced mastery of his powers from upon the beaches and waves."
"An Honest Self-Portrait from June, 2021", dated 06/05/2022
Main article: An Honest Self-Portrait from June, 2021
"Prideful Interview With God", dated 06/19/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[18]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter. It should be noted that a fan had tipped Christine off to a recent video by YouTuber Gibi reviewing his jail art, and Christine included him in the work.
Prideful Interview With God: "Neil Augustine of WTOP News interviews Jesus Christ Chan at a Pride Festival for the topic of Pride, which it is not a sin to have Pride. However, to have Arrogance is the sin. Self-Love and Love of Others over selfishness."
Jesus Christ-Chan is interviewed by WTOP, while wearing a bizarre costume, saying "Well, pride is not a sin, for one needs some self-esteem and confidence to motivate themselves and inspire others with soul and heart. The real deadly sin is arrogance. Thou should never go dark and greatly selfish, coniving, narcisistic, [sic] conceited or arrogant. To do that is to fall and burn like Vladamir [sic] Putin, Donald Trump or even someone like GiBi who is at his own selfish risk. Self-love and love of others; not selfishness."
The interviewer is named as Neil Augustine, a misspelling of Neal Augenstein, a real reporter with WTOP. "This hour's newscast is brought to you by Rocket Mortgage, and Lido's Pizza (We Never Cut Corners)."
An inset depicts GiBi and says, "Seriously, GiBi, you are neutral at present. Stow thy arrogance, and do not be a toxic one."
"Sun of Righteousness", dated 06/29/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[19]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Sun of Righteousness: "Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu as the Sun of Righteousness, you'd better get the Present Day symbolance and Present Moment Meaning after seeing this."
The image is accompanied by a bastardised Biblical quote: "But unto you that fear my name, Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu, shall the Sun of Righteousness arise with healing in their wings. Malachi 4:2"
"A (Dragon fruit) Tea With Sylvania Rosechu" , dated 06/28/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[20]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
A (Dragon fruit) Tea With Sylvania Rosechu: "An interview and talk with Sylvana Rosechu at a Starbucks in Cwcville in talking of her story to answer commonly asked questions."
Textwall of Sylvana Rosechu [sic] saying, "Well dahling, to answer the "plothole" questions of my life, I was born on the Earth's Moon. Graduon has reached out to me in my naive stupor and teleported me to Earth in his and Mary Lee Walsh's presence. THey've accelerated my evolution from Rosey to Rosechu and my age and level by about 15 or 50 years. They had injected Ditto genetics into my body and magically balanced it. Graduon had also put a spell on my uterus to not reproduce or launch the ovum into it. I was born intersex, so I already had both genitals. Anyway, over the time, Graduon had disabled my psychic link with the cosmos and universe, and all I had was their word, guidance, and commands to go on and with. It wasn't until 2006 when I was on a mission for information on Christian's defense plans that I was encountered by and met Magi-Chan. He had looked into me and known of I being greatly linked with the cosmos, for I was a real star child. Magi-Chan told me to open my mind and think of the cosmos and the universe's core. I broke myself out of Graduon's spells soon after and woke to the ultimate truths. After leaving Walsh and Graduon, I've broken all but the transformation spells in meditations and work with Magi-Chan. I vowed for the greater good of everyone and my self, dahling. In time, I had learned of and appreciated Christ Chan for everything she has been, is and so forth. I married and joined her polyamorous relationship out of love and compassion for her as an individual who stands strong with warrior's heart and fortitude. Anyway, dahling, my speciality [sic] in my powers is cosmic, moreso than a Lunala, if you wish. And I only liked Russia for its lovely scenery and historic archetecture [sic]. My accent stems from my past life as a scullery maid in the country. I have lost interest in Russia between the misdeeds of Akan in C-197 and Vladimir Putin in 1218, it goes without saying, dahling, such massive arrogance and toxicities are cruel and crude. I really do not care for that at all, dahling."
Lunala is a Pokémon associated with the Moon.
"An Atlantic Sloop", undated
Price: $175 (sold)[21]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. A description was not provided by Christine.
"Neo Holy Sigils for Self Love and Spirituality", dated 05/06/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[22]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. A description was not provided.
Of note here is that somehow Christine was made aware of the rise of NFTs during her incarceration. This was instructed to be minted as one in a coming series, but after a long hard look at ourselves it was decided that we've already sunk low enough.
"Tea Talk With Cryzel Rosechu", dated 06/29/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[23]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Tea Talk With Cryzel Rosechu: "An interview and talk with Cryzel Rosechu at a Starbucks in Cwcville in talking of herself and her appreciation of Christ Chan."
Textwall: "I was born a few years ago, but I am actually a lot older by at least a century and well beyond level 100. After Magi-Chan awoken me [sic] to my past life as a female wizard with great magic and portal power, I actually was surprised of my innate ability to interdimensionally travel with these portals. I had built up my age and experiences with time spent in a dimension where time worked faster, and my return here was with hardly a minute passed, and my body remained youthful and energetic as it is for a Special Rosechu. So, yes, humans of 1218 Earth, I was well over the age of consent when I married Magi-Chan and Christine. My feelings and emotions for Christine were authentic after learning of her past, as well her destiny. She should not have been bullied, but the events re-shaped her as was needed. I also had wed on duty to help guide and have compassion for her; I care for her and the others and my self very much, deep and genuinely. The interuniverse relationship with the tangibility barrier has been tough on some communication, but I remain faithful, steadfast and loyal. And Christine always shows me care and compassion with our talks together, and in always remembering me in acknowled ment, despite the lingering barrier. I love Christine, Magi-Chan, Sylvana, and Mewtwo, and I have no regrets in our wedlock. Cryzel Rosechu"
"COME_ADORE_BASIC_REVALATIONS_LOAD, 8, 1", dated 06/26/2022
Price: $200 (sold)[24]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
COME_ADORE_BASIC_REVELATIONS_LOAD, 8, 1: "A most symbolic and obvious piece featuring a certain Commodore 64 computer with BASIC commands of God input and execution on the Metaphysical and literal levels with Digital tones. RUN my second coming, please."
COME_ADORE
DIMENSION_MERGE,LOAD,8,1
LOADING...
COMPLETED
AVATAR_JESUS_CHRIST,LOAD,8,1
LOADING...
AVATAR_JESUS_CHRISTINE_WESTON_CHANDLER_SONICHU4.0
AWAKENING...
LOADING...
COMPLETED
MODERN_MALACHU,LOAD,8,1
COMPLETED
MODERN_REVELATIONS,LOAD,8,1
COMPLETED
SHIFT_TO_RECOMBINED_DEARTH,LOAD,8,1
IN PROGRESS
AVATAR_SECOND_COMING,LOAD,8,1
COMPLETED
RUN
"The Ethereal Rosechu", undated
Price: $175 (sold)[25]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
The Ethereal Rosechu: "Perhaps in your recent visions, you have seen and received a Holy or Divine message(s) of good tidings from an all white furred, blue eye female Rosechu with long quills, a dazzling aura, and intangible white/clear wings. You have been visited and blessed by our messenger and have been enlightened with the message of us, the Gods and Goddesses, the Cosmos, and the Universe Core of Universe 1C-211987, right here and now. It is best you all heed the messages in your better spirituality and faith."
Chris later stated that this was drawn on leftover paper from a photocopy of mail he had received.[26] Inmates at Chris' facility are allegedly not given the original mail or envelope.
It is torn because he removed "other details"[26] from it, possibly eluding to sensitive information about himself or the mail's sender.
"As the Prophecised Scriptures Shall Manifest", dated 08/22/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[27]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
As the Prophecised Scriptures Shall Manifest" "I'm just chillin' in space within our universe 1C-211987, reading the old to-be-updated-to-HD "Sonichu" Book #10, and commenting to everyone, while breaking the 4th Wall that is the Barrier/Veil to be removed between both our halves of the Earth, about a couple of premonitions innately chronicled in the book around 2010."
Chris later stated that this is, "...not really a remake of the issue 10 comic cover, but more commentary from the issue 10..."[26]
Text in the top left says "Welcome to the neo life"
Christine Chan Sonichu floating in space says, "Ah, hey there. Do you remember how I foretold the collective shift with the transfer of the Pokésite 2 files to the mayor's office?
How about the foretelling of the need for the monkey pox vaccine over a decade ago? Hey, I don't blame you, GiBi, or the rest of you all. Even in the early processes of my powers, I had misinterpreted it as the "Gay vaccine." I have long repented for that homophobia, and now, Malachi and the other premonitions are in manifestation."
This is all in reference to the infamous homo vaccine plot seen in Sonichu #10.
"Is This A GameStop Ad?", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[28]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Is This A GameStop Ad?: "There is nothing wrong with your device. We control the horizontal. We control the vertical. We have got the Touch, and the Controls, and we are breaking the Barrier and Veil."
Chris has stated that his inspiration for this came from, "[...] a broadcast of 2006 from Transformers Generation 1, season 3. A Junkion said that."[26]
Chris has also stated that the setting of this drawing is the Game Stop.[26]
"Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime and Cwcville's Cyan Master Emerald", dated 08/23/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[29]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Sonichu Prime and Rosey Rosechu Prime and Cwcville's Cyan Master Emerald: "A Trace and Redraw of one of my earlier pieces, as it depicts the Cyan Master Emerald of the eight Master Emeralds in the city of Cwcville, VA, with Sonichu and Rosey using it to dispel Evil Intruders from Alternate Evil Universes, Dimensions and Timelines."
"The servers are the seven Chaos. Chaos is power. Power enriched by the heart. The controller serves to unify the Chaos."
Chaos are mystical species of fairy-like creatures in the Sonic series.
"Holy Flame Sky Uppercutting the Devil", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[30]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Holy Flame Sky Uppercutting the Devil: "It is very clear and concise, as I Have personally done this, literally. With Holy Flames in my Aura, I've Sky Uppercutted the Devil and took his keys, as he is Vaporized by the Holy Flame and Light Power."
Chris later stated that this is not a "Sky Uppercut" from the Pokemon video games, but rather a Shoryuken from the Street Fighter games.[26]
"Sonichu Prime and Sonic the Hedgehog Prime-The Chaos Control of all Chaos Controls", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[31]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Sonichu Prime and Sonic the Hedgehog Prime-The Chaos Control of all Chaos Controls: "Sonic and Sonichu use the Chaos Emeralds AND the Chaos S-Chu Crystal Balls to Power Up and help the 1218 and C-197 halves of our Earth become undivided, safely, well and good for and with EVERYONE'S well-being in mindful, focused care."
"Round Table of Magi-Chan Sonichus", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[32]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Round Table of Magi-Chan Sonichus: "Sipping coffee and discussing the present moment events in Universe 1C-222987 on board the Space Colony of the Communion of (Good) Chris Chans in Timeline 4D, (from left to right) Val Sonichu, Lady Magic Sonichu, Magi-Chan Sonichu Prime, Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu, Tri Sonichu, and Dimitri Sonichu collaborate, discuss, and make the plans very well laid out and set with 1C-211987's Divine Plan."
"Calming a Wave in Texas", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[33]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Calming a Wave in Texas: "I'm in Texas, or wherever there is to be a Massive Tidal Wave in the already devastated area. I do my thing and stop the Wave in it's tracks by splitting it, and backing it to the source where it manifested from."
The text reads "Wave of Tidal Doubt, I Rebuke You. Peace Manifest."
"The Fall of Not Babylon", dated 08/25/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[34]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
The Fall of Not Babylon: "A prophecy of the modern, present day iteration of the wicked Babylon, as is more than clear with the recent events, as well as the fall of Akan (Dragon Form) by my Divine Action as previously chronicled in artform in recent years. Also featured is a TenKing, Seven Mountain, and Sea of Local Civilians in the painting."
Chris says, "Fallen by your own sword upon divine intervention. After your callous torture upon the righteous, and the rebels of your fallen country had done as light-guided in vanquishing your evil demon soldiers. Thrown down as easy as Babylon your judgement day is upon you, Mister P."
"A Coffee Jelly Break", dated 08/27/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[35]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
A Coffee Jelly Break: "I and Kusuo Saiki meet and vibe and chill over some coffee jelly and a telepathic conversation. Seriously though, aside; Does Starbucks sell Coffee Jelly in the States? Because I'd Really enjoy some."
Chris thinks: "Hmm! This coffee jelly is really good."
Kusuo Saiki thinks, "That is why I still come here. Aside from Nendo not being here." [Nendou Riki is his enemy in the manga/anime]
Chris: "Ah, I can agree with, the simplicity of getting away to solitude. Yeah, Nendo; good grief."
Saiki: "How they manage to find me despite my powers to stay away from them is baffling but I know the reasoning."
Chris: "At least to a point fate works likes crazy, even with gods like us. Aura attracts auras, and our light intrigues the population, some."
Saiki: "I could say clearly so."
Chris: "Aside from that I should try to find coffee jelly in the States. I like a dark roast."
Saiki: "Robust and savory."
"With Healing In Her Wings Of The Morning Into Neo Lives", dated 08/27/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[36]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
With Healing In Her Wings Of The Morning Into Neo Lives: "Inspired by the book cover art of "Wings of the Morning" by Lori Wick, this redraw puts the facts about I and the present day happenings into another clear and direct perspective."
Chris has stated that his art was inspired by two books he read in jail.[26] Wings of the Morning is a historical fiction and romance about a woman who disguises herself as a man and becomes a sea captain, and was presumably in the prison library. The second book is not known.
Text is: "With healing in her wings of the morning into neo lives" - "As the one prime avatar, she governs and is the conduit of our very existance [sic], and the break of the veil reunites their love better and even stronger." - Come Adore."
"Punchy and Speedy", dated 08/27/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[37]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Punchy and Speedy: "On another teleported mission visit to Tokyo, Punchy Sonichu visits the pizza place of the Samurai Pizza Cats and talks with Speedy Servichi. Yet Polly Ester does not want Speedy's shift pawned off on her again."
Chris in the background says, "I tried drawing Speedy from memory, enjoy."
Punchy says, "Ohio, Speedy!"
Speedy Servichi: "Ohio, Punchy!"
Punchy: "It's good to see you again."
Speedy: "You too, What brings you to Tokyo this time?"
Punchy: "Our present search for the Chaos Emeralds and Chaos Crystal Balls led me and the Psychic Squadron here, this time. But I wanted to see my favorite Nyankees again and catch up over tea and pizza."
Speedy: "Ah. Polly can cover me for a half hour. SPEEDY!! Come in and sit a while. I'll
bring the tea and we can catch up."
READ DESCRIPTION: "A Free Gift for Gibi", dated 08/27/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[38]
Originally listed at a higher price point to discourage buyers while Praetor attempted to get in contact with GiBi to send it for free
This is a free gift for YouTuber Gibi, as requested by Chris Chan. In appreciation for the videos he makes about Chris, Chris stated that this is to be mailed out to Gibi. We are not aware of a valid address, and have no way to contact Gibi. So, this piece is priced with the intention that no one else buys it.
If Gibi sees this and would like the piece, we ask that he send us a message on this page or our email at llcpraetor [!at] gmail.com. We would love to get this over to you!
Here is a short description provided by Christine:
"This one is just a free gift you can mail to GiBi with my compliments where I drew him with Nendo's hairstyle and balls chin and wanting to get some ramen."
After GiBi declined to provide his address, the description was updated to state:
This was a free gift for YouTuber Gibi, as requested by Chris Chan. In appreciation for the videos he makes about Chris, Chris stated that this was to be mailed out to Gibi. We are not aware of a valid address, and have no way to contact Gibi. So, this piece was originally priced with the intention that no one else buys it at $300.
Since then, GiBi has stated that he has no intentions to provide an address. We understand completely. As such, Chris has approved re-listing the piece as standard art for sale at standard price.
Here is a short description provided by Christine:
"This one is just a free gift you can mail to GiBi with my compliments where I drew him with Nendo's hairstyle and balls chin and wanting to get some ramen."
"Lady Magic Sonichu", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[39]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Lady Magic Sonichu: "A simple piece of Magic Sonichu of our prime timeline 1C's Genderbent Universe at metaphysical work within the Cosmos."
"A Meditation Circle in a Neo Spiritual Christianity Chapel in Jerusalem", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[40]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
A Meditation Circle in a Neo Spiritual Christianity Chapel in Jerusalem: "Featuring Valazquea Romana Rosechu of the Psychic Squadron of Cwcville, VA, Angelica Rosechu, President Lisa Simpson, Goku, Espio, a Monk, a Buudha, and others in this Multi-Religious, diverse circle of Meditation."
Chris has stated that the setting of the piece is a church in Israel.[26]
Chris has also stated for the record that the girl with the Ukrainian flag on her chest is not a supporter, but rather a refugee from there. Chris goes on to elaborate that she escaped "Russia's abuse", and that Lisa Simpson adopted her.[26]
The centremost man is not supposed to be Chris, but rather "the guy who was running that particular church in Israel."[26]
"Do YOU see what I see? KNOW what I know? You had better LISTEN, or be out of the Flow", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[41]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Do YOU see what I see? KNOW what I know? You had better LISTEN, or be out of the Flow: "I literally have seen these symbols in my Prophetic Dreams over the years in my sleep, as well as ALL around me while I am awake. I have a record-breaking number of Crucifixes and Crosses on the palms of both my hands and on the soles of both my feet. How much more clear and obvious do I need to be that I am one with the Heavens, the Cores, and the Matrixes? Meditate on that!"
A notably schizophrenic work, full of writing, including "ENW=5," "Veil blocks real reality", "2+2=5&4 (is it 2.000 or 2.5?)," "Anything is possible", "Judgment upon evils", "Pie", "Drudge," "Revelatio[n]", "Neo Life", "Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime is the one avatar," "Listen! It is happening."
Christine Chan Sonichu says, "Have all of you been seeing the signs and visions as I have been? Why do you continue to consciously blind yourselves and ignore it all?"
"Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[42]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu: "I introduce to you the Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu, in the present, from the future of his Timeline 4D, as also is his Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu from the future of that same timeline. G.E. Magi-Chan levitates himself with a few crystals over one hand in levitation and water bending in the other hand in front of a water fountain in the Communion of Chris Chan's Space Colony."
"Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime - Avatar State", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[43]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime - Avatar State: "It's I in my Overpowered State of Avatar State."
"Sonicha Sonichu and Rossen Rosechu", dated 08/28/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[44]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Sonicha Sonichu and Rossen Rosechu: "In their home, the Genderbent Universe of our Prime Timeline 1C, Sonicha and Ross pose at the entrance to the Cwcville shopping center."
"Ultimate Miracle", dated 08/29/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[45]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Ultimate Miracle: "A Trace and Redraw of a recent piece; a simple motivational and inspiring poster featuring I in my Goddess Blue Heart form."
Text reads: Keep faith; have no doubt within.
"The Council of Chris Chans ", dated 08/29/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[46]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
The Council of Chris Chans: A lovely discussion between three of the Chris(t) Chans out of the council of Chris Chans with their partner/friend with them over warm tea. Featuring Grand Elder Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu and Grand Elder Magi-Chan Sonichu of timeline 4D in the center, Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu and Sonicha Sonichu of Timeline 4D's Genderbent Universe on the left, and Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu and Rosey Rosechu from the Central Universe of Timeline 38961H on the right.
Grand Elder Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu: "Hmm. I feel it shall be very good after we bring out prime self-counterpart aboard the first time."
Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu of 38961H: "Ah, indeed so. She shall be a good and dignified leader with her spiritual developments and scruples."
Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu (Timeline 4D's Genderbent Universe): "Although, I must state the difficulties of aiding her before now."
Sonicha Sonichu (Timeline 4D's Genderbent Universe): "I'm afraid I must agree with Chris. In the veil between her earth halves have been tough to portal through."
Grand Elder Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu: Perhaps, Sonicha, but like most of us Chris Chans throughout the multiverse, she's channeling her powers from within. She shall break her earth's veil as prophecised in her universe. Have faith."
"Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Vs. Shattered Glass Christ Chan Sonichu", dated 08/29/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[47]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Vs. Shattered Glass Christ Chan Sonichu: A portray of my literal first encounter with my Shattered Glass Universe self-counterpart. Laying it down for you ALL: That Christ Chan is the reincarnation of Jesus Christ of Nazareth of that alt universe. In one summary, S.G. Christ Chan Sonichu makes our Universe's Antichrist look like a Mormon in comparison. Aside from that, his human form is permanently disabled, so he's stuck in his Sonichu form. And I have Energy Bended him from being able to bend energy or minds, disabled his ability to manifest portals, and disabled his God Form personally. He and his group are ones we Never Want in our Universe, Period. As if S.G. Optimus Prime and Negaduck were not bad enough from there.
"Returning Home to the Sonichu Temple", dated 08/30/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[48]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Returning Home to the Sonichu Temple: "And my Magi-Chan Sonichu Prime is there to welcome me back home."
"Finally together without the Barrier/Veil in between them, the One Prime Avatar and her partner are even more stronger than before."
"Is That Chaos Control at the Sonichu Temple?", dated 08/30/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[49]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Is That Chaos Control at the Sonichu Temple?: "Yes. Yes it is."
"Rosey Rosechu Prime Vs. Rascala Rosechu", dated 08/31/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[50]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Rosey Rosechu Prime Vs. Rascala Rosechu: "This fight happened in Florida, as Scourge and his rounded up posse tried to swipe some uber-rare gemstones from there. As if the title did not say enough, it's Rosey Rosechu Prime fighting her Shattered Glass self-counterpart in combat and wit. Also, to note, Scrap Sonichu is Sonichu Prime's shattered glass self-counterpart. Scrap had a spiritual awakening and saw visions of his self-counterparts living better and not abused like he was. He fled the S.G. Universe and made his decision to live in Neutral-Good morals for himself. An Uber Rare happening among the Majority of the Shattered Glass Universe"
Rascala Rosechu: You're weak, like your trainer who gave you love,
Rosey Rosechu Prime: You leave Kel out of this, and it was through love and spirituality I've made myself stronger.
Rascala Rosechu: You sure your survival instincts didn't just leave you for scrap? Unlike my deserting Scrap Sonichu who left me to be namby-pamby with you bastards.
Rosey Rosechu Prime: Scrap made his choices of his own volition after he had his visions and revelations.
Rascala Rosechu: Bull! A bunch of dreaming to change his mind is like a Decepticon pilfering Energon.
Rosey Rosechu Prime: Are you sure your world had sufficient energy to be worth the trip?
Rascala Rosechu: More than the love you got.
Rosey Rosechu Prime: Love conquers hate!
Rascala Rosechu: Bring it on, good b#$⚡&!
Rosey Rosechu Prime: The hate-filled fight shall see you fall.
"Sonichu Prime Mach Speed Thunderpunches Scourge the Hedgehog", dated 08/31/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[51]
Art piece
Reverse side of the art piece, shared by the buyer[52]
This artpiece is a piece of jail art done by Christine Weston Chandler. It should be noted that these are sold without frame, and are shipped in padded document mailers to cut customer shipping costs. An unedited description has been provided by Christine via letter.
Sonichu Prime Mach Speed Thunderpunches Scourge the Hedgehog: "Scourge came into our Universe, and Sonichu knew he needed to be dealt with and sent back to the Shattered Glass Universe. The fight had reached just outside of St. Canard."
"The Fall of the Toxic Online Cesspool", dated 09/13/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[53]
This drawing was made by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
The Fall of the Toxic Online Cesspool: "Ah, the fall of an Evil "Legend" as Kiwi fell hard by the powers of Good and Light power. I, Sonichu, Rosey, Magi-Chan and Cryzel took a teleport down to Florida to pay last respects to the Left Behind Haters and Fakers who were also doxxed. Divine Retribution on them all. The Graffiti on the sign had already been spray painted on long before our visit, it says "SO LONG A$H LOSER$."
December 2022.
Chris: "Ah. I've paid my respects to that left behind cesspool, let's go. We've got a couple more stops to make"
Sonichu: "Oh, yeah. Didn't Onion Farms collapse a day or two ago?"
Chris: "That builonkilley[???] went down with the Antichrist that was running it. I gotta pick up his urn from the creamery."
"When Bubbles and Blake First Met", dated 09/15/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[54]
This drawing was done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
When Bubbles and Blake First Met: "Clear and simple the two literally bumped into each other without a proper introduction on 06142004 at the Cwcville Mall. Blake was seriously awed by her Aura and both inner and outer beauty. Bubbles was buying craft tools for her seashell crafts, as well as some more of her favorite teas."
"My C-197 Self-Counterpart's Past Self and I", dated 09/19/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[55]
This drawing was done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
My C-197 Self Counterpart's Past Self and I: "After being flung from October 2006 to October 2022, AND from C-197 Earth half to 1218 Earth half, Christian and I talk of the events and updates. This bit of dialogue speaks for itself."
"Naitsirhc Failed, Even With a Wig, Glasses, and Moustache", dated 10/20/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[56]
This drawing was done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
Naitsirhc Failed, Even With a Wig, Glasses, and Moustache: "On 12222004, Naitsirhc saw an attempt to collect a fresh sample of Sonichu Prime's fur while he was talking to Chris, Allison and Rosey at Cwcville Mall's food court. Naitsirhc had a small pair of scissors to trim the hairs from his tail, but he did not anticipate being paralyzed by Sonichu's static. Naitsirhc was in disguise with a black jacket, black wig, moustache, and glasses. In the moment seeing him on the ground, and just desserts for Naitsirhc, Sonichu placed the moustache on his eyebrows, he put on the wig, she put on the glasses, and they posed for a silly instant print polaroid photo. Naitsirhc was teleported back to his hotel room by Magi-Chan and given a Full Heal to clear the paralysis."
"A Sole Swap", dated 11/05/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[57]
This drawing was made by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
A Sole Swap: "During their stay in Cwcville at Tails' workshop in Cwcville in the early 2000s, and after hearing of the heavy duty properties of the Shoes (and Socks) of Sonichus and Rosechus (it is featured in the PokēDex entries) Sonic the Hedgehog and Sonichu Prime swapped shoes for a day. The shoes of Sonichus and Rosechus are seriously fireproof, will not burn when on hot lava or magma. There's also a company who recycles the discarded, lost, or old footwear of the species for the BEST Heavy Duty Footwear and Running Shoes (Cruelty Free): Zapp Shoes, inc. "Run with a Spark. If it's not a running shoe, it's not Zapp."
"Alpha Omega", dated 11/12/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[58]
This drawing was done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
Alpha Omega: "Simply put, it's me and a bunch about my life/lives on an RCA video disc from the 1980s. If you wanted to watch this, you'd have to fork over an amount of money or go back in time for a working RCA selectavision video disc player. This was the vinyl record predecessor of the DVD."
"Welcome to the Akashic Records", dated 11/12/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[59]
This drawing was made by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
Welcome to the Akashic Records: "Essentially, I'm taking another visit to the infinite library of the Akashic Records for the new information to download into my Brain from there next."
"Akashic Record Zone Act 1∞∞ (One Infinity Squared)", dated 11/12/2022
Price: $175 (sold)[60]
This drawing was made by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. The following description has been provided via letter.
Akashic Record Zone Act 1∞∞ (One Infinity Squared): "Exactly what it looks like: I'm running throughout the Akashic Records with the Infinite Information on EVERYTHING in ALL local and multiversal and multidimensional existence. Pinkie Pie frequents the Akashic Records. Look for All the Easter Eggs on the various media flying about, including Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin being left behind."
"Soup Store Double Feature", dated 11/13/2022
Price: $375 (sold)[61]
These drawings were done by Christine Weston Chandler while incarcerated at Central Virginia Regional Jail. They are sold as a pair, and act as a comic strip. Christine has been really into the "Soup Store" bit lately. Descriptions for each half are provided via letter.
Picture One, top drawing -
I'm At Soup: "I like some good memes, they're fun. But I like the Soup Store Meme among them. Has anyone wondered what types of clothes are sold at the Soup Store? Well, Rosey Rosechu Prime knows, and she'll find them. They also sell Dish Towels, Bowls, Pots, Tea Pots, and even some Teas. Can you argue with us on that? Nope. Also, an Easter Egg: Andy Warhol's favorite soup Campbell's Mock Turtle Soup. Seriously, Campbell's should bring back Mock Turtle Soup, because it sounds and feels yummy. "
Picture One, bottom drawing -
I Found the Clothes at the Soup Store: "I told you she'd find them, they were in the back of the Soup Store. The store flyer did not lie."
"Soup Store" is an anime meme from 2015: KYM
"The Schulz Collection", dated 11/26/2022
Inspired by the season and the recent birthday of Peanuts cartoonist Charles Schulz, Christine has drawn a series of special Christmas illustrations.
These have been mailed in from Central Virginia Regional Jail, where Christine is as of now incarcerated. A description has been provided via letter.
Despite the description calling them "special Christmas illustrations," none of the pictures has a Christmas theme.
Art
Title
Description
Price
Sold?
Simple Wisdom for All Ages in the Rainbow
"Sonichu Prime, Rosey Rosechu Prime, and I share insights from developing with Experience and Spirituality with the Peanuts gang arranged from pink to white with Snoopy as Joe Cool nearby. This Insight Applies to EVERYONE Young, Teen, Adult and Old regardless."
$175
Sold[62]
Christ Chan & Schulz
"After inviting Charles Schulz himself to Cwcville, he drove on down from Minnesota to Virginia and stayed a while. I and Magi-Chan Sonichu Prime took him and Snoopy to the Flashzap Bar and Grill for (what else?) Root beer and lunch. We had a good conversation, and Snoopy enjoyed the dance floor before the Andrews Sisters played through the restaurant speakers."
$175
Sold[63]
Kick it to the Moon!
"A regular Sonichu held the football and Charlie Brown Kicks it; Lucy (the Blockhead) complains by the Kite Eating Tree."
$175
Sold[64]
The Day Liquid Chris Sonichu Wished for Psychic Powers
"On September 12, 2005, after Giovanni "promoted" Liquid Chris from spy to Field Agent on 08052005, and ordered Liquid to remain in Sonichu form while at the base and on more missions. His training regimen had started; he only could get so far as a pure rock type (followed by the self injection of Type-adding Dark and Electric), and he REALLY wanted to outwit the psychic squadron Sonichus and Rosechus. On 09122005, on a free run away from the base, Liquidchu found a Chaos (S-Chu) Crystal Ball and wished for Psychic Powers and Abilities "better able than Magi-Chan Sonichu Prime himself. " He got his wish, but it back-fired, as he flew upside-down and backwards for a moment, dropped the Chaos Crystal Ball (Wild Sonichu picked it up and gave it to Cwcville's psychic squadron), flew backwards back to base landing with a crash on his butt by the front door. Naitsirhc and Blake greeted him, Liquidchu entered the room while pompously talking, suddenly levitated, flipped upside down, and he was standing on the ceiling as he talked on with lack of visual observation of his surroundings (his eyes were closed). As he walked back to his room, a couple of Grunts and GiBi the Scientist (No relationship to self-counterpart YouTuber GiBi) we're walking by and one grunt called him Woodstock."
$175
Sold[65]
I'd Worhol It
"Note: Sonichu and Rosechu shoes and socks are Heavy Duty and Fireproof, literally. Sometimes a regular Sonichu or Rosechu may lose or just go without their (natural) shoes and socks by choice. Zapp Shoes collected the shoes and socks and refurbished, restored, or modded them to be sold as Heavy Duty, Really long lasting shoes, boots, or socks. Collected cruelty free, and buying old shoes from others who collect them, Trainers of Sonichus/Rosechus who may wish to sell, or from independent Sonichus/Rosechus. They founded their first store/factory in Florida in 2005. Anyway, the various shoes and socks bring a recreation from a Peanuts special referencing Andy Worhol, with a male regular Rosechu nearby looking for a pair to replace a pair he recently has lost."
$175
Sold[66]
"The Life and Times of Jesus Christ."
Main article: Angelica Rosechu's Christmas Play
"Sonichu and Christine", undated
Price: $125 (sold)[67]
Listed on Apr 15, 2023
This art piece was created tangentially to Chris Chan's Christmas Play art. Not related to the play, this piece features Christine in Goddess Form meeting with Sonichu, mimicking the famous "Creation of Adam" painting. Note the sheer detail on the framed cover of the first issue of Sonichu in the background.
"I Had Returned Home", undated
Price: $200[68]
Listed: 6 November 2024
While in jail, I did not always have access to a razor, so I ended up growing a beard, and it did, looking into a mirror, make me more look like Jesus Christ of Nazareth, further making it obvious that I am the one reincarnation of Jesus Christ, as well as the One Avatar of All Existence. I will never ever draw myself with a beard again. The obvious sign aside, I just don't like wearing a beard. I ended up picking up a habit of plucking beard hairs; it did hurt sometimes. So, just enjoy this rarity in whatever way you like, even as a meme. I ended up drawing this while in jail.
Reviews
Some buyers made comments about the received drawings, in particular that the drawings were on the reverse side of Chris's CVRJ paperwork. One noted the strong smell of hospital cleaner.
On 24 October 2022, Reddit user verbeeg commented,
Own one that seems to have been made during their medical hold. The paper has an overwhelming smell of hospital cleaner.[69]
He later elaborated:
Looks like ball point pen on 8"x11" computer paper. Back of it has information from the holding facility. Loc: Medical CVRJ, dated 8/29. Cannot tell if this is jail info on the outgoing mail or Chris just drew on the other side of official paperwork.
Edit: Took it out of the frame and looked it over a bit more. Definitely a "bill" for something at the medical facility, not stating exactly what. Has, what I assume is, a worker's name on it that isn't Chris so I'm not going to doxx that poor soul and take a picture.[70]
Reddit user TRAYVON replied to the comment chain:
Glad I saw this comment. I didn't think to check the back of mine so I took it out of the frame. It's just like you described yours being, from the medical wing with Chris' name & the names of some workers. It also has his jail bank account number & how much money is in it. He had the paper for a couple of days before using it for drawing[71]
On 4 April 2023, verbeeg posted an image of his aforementioned received letter, with the name of the CVRJ worker censored. He wrote:
Oh, hi.
[posts an Imgur link of File:Jail Art - 31 August 2022 - Sonichu Prime Mach Speed Thunderpunches Scourge the Hedgehog - Reverse.jpg]
You can kind of see the ink on the opposite side and can compare to the drawing sold on etsy (title is written on here). Main note I posted before is this page stank like hospital disinfectant. It was overwhelming and I had to open all the windows in my house. Between that and the weird randomness of the paperwork it is hard to believe that Praetor drew it.[72]
References
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831004810/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1212266812/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-prime-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details%2A
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831010751/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1235100063/chris-chan-jail-art-the-universes-core?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831011056/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1212278216/chris-chan-jail-art-rosey-slices-rosey?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831060043/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1226233741/chris-chan-jail-art-magi-chan-sonichu?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831060241/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1226214681/chris-chan-jail-art-jesus-christine?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831060511/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1221154382/chris-chan-jail-art-youd-better-have?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831060744/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1221171390/chris-chan-jail-art-happiness-can-still?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831060921/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1221159132/chris-chan-jail-art-wild-and-punchy-in?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831061109/https://www.etsy.com/ca/listing/1225689266/chris-chan-jail-art-flashzap?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831061247/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1225692270/chris-chan-jail-art-a-prayer-of-angelica?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831063322/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1239635535/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-prime-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://kiwifarms.st/threads/random-chris-updates.23605/page-2120#post-19079693 (archive)
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831151916/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1239638119/chris-chan-jail-art-how-sweet-it-is-to?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831152048/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1225703784/chris-chan-jail-art-the-sonichu-temples?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831152423/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1266400949/chris-chan-jail-art-val-sonichus-coffee?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831152637/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1252402934/chris-chan-jail-art-an-atlantic-dip?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831152758/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1252434186/chris-chan-jail-art-introducing-donnie?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831065110/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1266444513/chris-chan-jail-art-prideful-interview?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://www.etsy.com/listing/1252447476/chris-chan-jail-art-sun-of-righteousness?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831153130/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1252451276/chris-chan-jail-art-a-dragon-fruit-tea?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220716191522/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1266457067/chris-chan-jail-art-an-atlantic-sloop
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919230457/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1266460067/chris-chan-jail-art-neo-holy-sigils-for?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919230917/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1266463825/chris-chan-jail-art-tea-talk-with-cryzel?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919231103/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1252445044/chris-chan-jail-art?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919231304/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1295673156/chris-chan-jail-art-the-ethereal-rosechu?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ 26.0 26.1 26.2 26.3 26.4 26.5 26.6 26.7 26.8 26.9 March 2024 livestreams#Highlights
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919232607/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1307675769/chris-chan-jail-art-as-the-prophecised?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919232802/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1293659484/chris-chan-jail-art-is-this-a-gamestop?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240919232939/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1307685215/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-prime-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924060316/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1307694895/chris-chan-jail-art-holy-flame-sky?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924055700/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1308351837/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-prime-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924052035/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1308354623/chris-chan-jail-art-round-table-of-magi?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240920154002/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1293639606/chris-chan-jail-art-calming-a-wave-in?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240920205825/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1307681843/chris-chan-jail-art-the-fall-of-not?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240920210006/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1294327866/chris-chan-jail-art-a-coffee-jelly-break?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924060041/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1293662876/chris-chan-jail-art-with-healing-in-her?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240920211452/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1294330008/chris-chan-jail-art-punchy-and-speedy?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831070414/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1339225795/chris-chan-jail-art-a-free-gift-for-gibi?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240920212118/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1308367441/chris-chan-jail-art-lady-magic-sonichu?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924045815/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1294336798/chris-chan-jail-art-a-meditation-circle?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924044557/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1295662314/chris-chan-jail-art-do-you-see-what-i?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924045116/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1309687733/chris-chan-jail-art-grand-elder-magi?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924044828/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1309698615/chris-chan-jail-art-jesus-christine?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921022416/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1295644740/chris-chan-jail-art-sonicha-sonichu-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921022650/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1311362817/chris-chan-jail-art-jesus-christ-chan?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20221104041514/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1339209481/chris-chan-jail-art-the-council-of-chris
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921022822/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1339218487/chris-chan-jail-art-jesus-christ-chan?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921023148/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1311346663/chris-chan-jail-art-returning-home-to?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924043302/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1311350033/chris-chan-jail-art-is-that-chaos
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924042932/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1311342443/chris-chan-jail-art-rosey-rosechu-prime
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20220924043751/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1311356759/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-prime-mach
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/12aoqaa/comment/jewjlny (archive)
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831070235/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1356971660/chris-chan-jail-art-the-fall-of-the?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921024158/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1371009761/chris-chan-jail-art-when-bubbles-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921024402/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1371070407/chris-chan-jail-art-my-c-197-self?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921024557/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357039034/chris-chan-jail-art-naitsirhc-failed?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921024752/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1370994955/chris-chan-jail-art-a-sole-swap?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921073017/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1371078459/chris-chan-jail-art-alpha-omega?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921073132/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1356994222/chris-chan-jail-art-welcome-to-the?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921073300/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1370966087/chris-chan-jail-art-akashic-record-zone?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921073252/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357116104/chris-chan-jail-art-soup-store-double?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20221221234757/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357901406/the-schulz-collection-simple-wisdom-for?show_sold_out_detail=1
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240831070002/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357448226/the-schulz-collection-christ-chan-schulz?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921074217/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357451176/the-schulz-collection-kick-it-to-the?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921073953/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357461700/the-schulz-collection-the-day-liquid?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921074947/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1357881556/the-schulz-collection-id-worhol-it?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20240921082154/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1448119776/chris-chan-jail-art-sonichu-and?show_sold_out_detail=1&ref=nla_listing_details
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20241109070518/https://www.etsy.com/listing/1821785913/i-had-returned-home-chris-chan-final
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/ycgn92/comment/itm9ic1/
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/ycgn92/comment/itni89i
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/ycgn92/comment/itoj8wr/
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/12aoqaa/comment/jewjlny
Jail Saga
The Players
People: Chris • David Heilberg • Praetor (Caden Peck) • Kenneth Engelhardt • Barbara Chandler • Spooky Bones •
Rocky Shoemaker • Helena Fiorenza • Edmund McMillen • Eels and the Egg-man • Flutter • Spamton G. Spamton • Zombo • Cory Allison • The Crusader • Bizarre Bazaar • Celestia • Michael Afghani • Jacob Sockness
Places
Jail Updates
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Western State Hospital
Jail Communications
Jail Art
Jail Art (reverse side)
Neo Spiritual Christianity
Jail Letter Gifts
March 2023 Praetor Interview
Autism disorder deferred disposition
v • d • e
Jail Communications (2021–22)
Letters
All Letters
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48
By recipient
Miscellaneous
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10
Bizarre Bazaar
1 • 2
Celestia
1 • 2
Eels / Helena
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11
Kenneth Engelhardt
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18
• 19 • 20
Spamton
1 • 2 • 3
Calls
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6
See Also
Jail Letter Gifts • Praetor Jail Art • Commandments • Prayer • Excommunication letter from Kenneth Engelhardt • Jail Art (reverse side)
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=OfficialCWCmart_Jail_Art&oldid=349718"