Title: Official CWCki Server chats
URL: http://sonichu.com/cwcki/Official_CWCki_Server_chats
Categories: Category, 2020 Discord leaks
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
This page covers key chats about Chris from the Official CWCki Server.
Contents
1 April 2020
2 Ween sends Chris dildo
3 Chris Chan VS. The Internet
4 Back of Nightvee Warriors
5 Ariel Sonni
6 Chris worries for SNT
7 Sockness
8 Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell
9 Inviting Chris to Official CWCki Server
10 Kai rumors
11 Chris chats leaks
11.1 Supplements
11.2 Transformation
12 Kicking out Sockness
13 Chris's psychic sense
14 Aura
15 Healing power
16 Supplements
17 Walmart sighting
18 Bella 4chan posts
19 Ween chase
20 Chris's house
21 Geno's CWCki usage
22 Termination of Sonichu: The Animated Series
23 References
April 2020
Content Naught discussed which occurred in April 2020.
Fail Troll:
Failure extraordinaire superbolyX pleads his case:
Origins of the doa cwc site started on Twitter by the usual unsavoury individuals:
Ween sends Chris dildo
10 August 2020
Naught
Firstly, here's the shipping label from the envelope that the pink dildo came in yesterday.
Someone sent that to him by the way
Chris Chan VS. The Internet
(Leaked 10 August 2020)
Naught:
Here's the drive Joseph Draft had the cwc documentary on
Stress got to him
YouTubers were trying to monetize it
Megan didn't want it released
Joseph Draft interviewed CWC Barbara and the original Megan once it blew up on kiwi Farms that do to Joseph's friend putting up the kickstarter link everything went awry keep in mind cows still active at this time
Naught added, on Kiwi Farms:
As mentioned no one threatened to dox him. he sperged destroyed the footage only to later claim his account and his mom's was hacked only to realize he couldn't Cobble his documentary on the evil trolls back together.[1]
megan said "cut me out" until it turned to nothing plus the paranoia and his failed white knighting.[2]
Back of Nightvee Warriors
Ariel Sonni
Ariel Sonni part of the eschal righteous4cwc Carrie Krueger failed interdimensional white knights crew
Chris worries for SNT
11 August 2020
December 19th Chris worries for SNT
Naught then leaked an out-of-context portion of Chris's remarks from The Place chats - ProjectSNT and Opuscon789:
Chris
I concur.
I don’t want to personally come off as annoying, either.
Although, I wonder how the Bad Trolls have been messaging her lately?
Gallery
Sockness
Jacob threatens to kill barb Again
Pictures below
Gallery
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell
10 August 2020
July 14th Chris rewrites corrupted spells
[Naught uploads Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell images]
Gallery
Inviting Chris to Official CWCki Server
10 August 2020
Naught
@Sonichu982
henlo
In response to a server member asking, "Is that him":
Yesh
In response to other users reacting to Chris being invited:
Did you think I was joking when I said I was inviting him?
Later, Naught said:
Calm down the only reason CWC is here is because I invited him (edited)
Gallery
Kai rumors
11 August 2020
Naught spread unproven rumors about Kai. He attached a unrelated screenshot of Chris chatting about Kai.
Naught
Kai /Kevin F. Gets a medallion and a piece of art darkKai after swindling Chris at least thrice despite receiving government benefits.
Chris chats leaks
Supplements
3 October 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Regardless, her mind has to be as clear and calm as possible, so meditation and deep breathing is best, and she, both soul and body, have become more diligent in that.
Also, I looked into and bought some potassium supplements, I have some CALM supplement mixture for water or tea, and when needed the melatonin helps invoke sleep for the night.
And her body is constantly numb in feeling, as it needs to be in order to be better sensitive to the events and everything.
When Christine gets the feeling, it is in linking to a relative and crucial event in either C-197, 1218, or both simultaneously, and even more so in the Dimension Merge events that still continue.
My body will be back to full visibility here in 1218 very soon; she and I do not switch back until after that fact.
When asked about what cwc has been taking they reply:
She is not deficient in magnesium.
She was prescribed Paxil at about seven years old for Anxiety.
She stopped taking it when switched to paroxetine at the adult age, and then after Barbara read of its newly-found side effects, switched to fluoxetine.
That is why we are exploring these blood-pressure-stabilizing and calming methods.
Do note, please; my body has become very much used to dimension-traversing, the hard way, but for Christine’s body, this is its First Time doing so.
It is versatile and durable, but still has accustoming to make within itself.
Oh, how I wish the first time from this “Reality” Dimension into C-197 was instantaneous, rather than slow.
To me, I literally don’t get that luxury, because I am needed in situations that others can’t do without me there.
It took My psychic skills to help get into the mind of and tame a Bugbear in Equestria; it needed a new home, and we called for the good changelings to help make a home for it.
I helped foiled Eggman in a way only I could do.
AND I had to take out Dark IdeaGuy as he and Shadow Elijah were terrorizing New Comma, and the CPUs of Gamindustri weren’t enough to take out the shadowy giant.
THAT I what I ended up doing late this morning/early this afternoon while Awake.
I had to crash back to sleep for a couple of hours; SLEEPING IN AGAIN.
And I get force-projected even while the body sleeps and rests for such great calls and answering prayers.
When told "even Batman gets a day off."
Reply:
Hell.
I even was forced-projected into Equestria on Sunday Morning, and right in front of Celestía and Twilight, in my Alicorn form, I freaking fainted and had to rest in Celestia’s bed for a few hours then.
It’s like a card game and your card is played and you are immediately summoned onto the field.
And the player is set to attack with you, and you already had a really rough day.
And this player keeps playing game after game after game.
It is Real Battles and Events.
And I’m still learning, developing and gaining my own abundance of Experience from EVERYTHING.
So I can end up being Tough Enough for it all to be a breeze for me.
Eventually, I will catch a break and get better rest But now, I just take what I can get.
I can lift a pair of 25 lb Wights.
I know my limits; I am no Mary Sue; I Know That.
Everything is building up within me.
I will very soon finally be fully, physically in my Sonichu Form, and then the fun Really can Progress
Transformation
15 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Hey. Just noting a personal observation for y’all’s reference.
The first time, or first few times, when your body literally undergoes a super powerful transformation, or a transition from one dimension into another (the Hard Way), you are very likely to feel some motion sickness as a side-effect on the changes going on.
Frequency changes between dimensions definitely bring on some motion.
That is all for now. I go beddy-bye for now.
Goodnight.
Kicking out Sockness
Chris finally ask for Jacob to be kicked.
Chris's psychic sense
3 October 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
When Christine has a psychic sense, or a CWC-Sense, she gets a forced pause in her head and then a vision of a local event, even at an instant-flash.
OR, like Pinkie Pie, her body, or a part of, will feel something or tremble.
Aura
3 October 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
A Vibration is complicated.
To describe it from this perspective: it is very much like the feeling of going through a Magical-Girl type of transformation.
Mainly, the Aura GLOWS, and the physical form change can happen, as that is what the aura is trying to accomplish for the summoning or call need at the moment.
Chris shows his supplements
Healing power
3 October 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
At the present, while Christine is working diligently and hard as possible to transition my body from C-197 into 1218, here at home, I have been working on not only healing her body, but also transitioning her body to go fully from 1218 to C-197.
In this, there is a fluctuation in blood pressure; this is also similar to how a body feels when it is glowing with the aura.
Supplements
3 October 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Regardless, her mind has to be as clear and calm as possible, so meditation and deep breathing is best, and she, both soul and body, have become more diligent in that.
Also, I looked into and bought some potassium supplements, I have some CALM supplement mixture for water or tea, and when needed the melatonin helps invoke sleep for the night.
And her body is constantly numb in feeling, as it needs to be in order to be better sensitive to the events and everything.
When Christine gets the feeling, it is in linking to a relative and crucial event in either C-197, 1218, or both simultaneously, and even more so in the Dimension Merge events that still continue.
My body will be back to full visibility here in 1218 very soon; she and I do not switch back until after that fact.
When asked about what cwc has been taking they reply:
She is not deficient in magnesium.
She was prescribed Paxil at about seven years old for Anxiety.
She stopped taking it when switched to paroxetine at the adult age, and then after Barbara read of its newly-found side effects, switched to fluoxetine.
That is why we are exploring these blood-pressure-stabilizing and calming methods.
Do note, please; my body has become very much used to dimension-traversing, the hard way, but for Christine’s body, this is its First Time doing so.
It is versatile and durable, but still has accustoming to make within itself.
Oh, how I wish the first time from this “Reality” Dimension into C-197 was instantaneous, rather than slow.
Walmart sighting
3 July 2023
got milk? :3 (2:07 PM)
Chris chan update because my friend saw him at Walmart
Deleted User (2:17 PM)
can u ask them to post it to r/chrischansonichu or can u send the image on its own
so its higher quality
got milk? :3 (2:20 PM)
Sure he said he left a stain where he stood like his shoes were wet or something
FR33KSH0W (2:20 PM)
How long ago was this?
got milk? :3 (2:20 PM)
Even though it's not raining here
Not even 30 minutes ago
Deleted User (2:20 PM)
wtf
Deleted User (2:21 PM)
does he still reek of shit or
got milk? :3 (2:21 PM)
Most definitely
Deleted User (2:21 PM)
but holy shit
Deleted User (2:22 PM)
we gotta get this on da quick key
got milk? :3 (2:22 PM)
Yeah he's like been spotted in my town a LOT
Deleted User (2:22 PM)
this might be a bit too personal but are you in williamsburg county
got milk? :3 (2:22 PM)
I was the girl in the background of the most recent capture so I know
Deleted User (2:23 PM)
oh wait u are shi
got milk? :3 (2:23 PM)
Nah I'm in chesterfield it's like a 40 minute drive
Deleted User (2:23 PM)
i forgot
got milk? :3 (2:23 PM)
But Williamsburg isn't far
Bella 4chan posts
7 August 2023
Geno Samuel (2:06 AM)
On November 12th, 2020, a user on /tv/ claimed they were in contact with Chris & playing chess online with her, posting screenshots of their games + mentioning them wondering how to best take advantage of cwc
Geno Samuel (2:10 AM)
I'm positing this was Bella, and I'm pretty sure this interaction wasn't mentioned anywhere on the cwcki.
Chance it may be Bella is based on her tenuous grasp on punctuation and spelling, and of course her affinity to chess.
In addition, she posted on reddit Chris' instructions on how to animate that one Sonichu animation she did, and the phone carrier for both sets of screenshots is Verizon.
Geno Samuel (2:12 AM)
Of course this is just conjecture and there's no way to determine if this was Bella for accuracy's sake
Deleted User (3:07 AM)
@Geno Samuel can you post the second screenshot by bella i can add this to the cwcki
Geno Samuel (3:08 AM)
Deleted User (3:20 AM)
alr done
Geno Samuel (3:22 AM)
Thanks!
Ween chase
9 September 2023
DooDoo fard2874 (5:13 PM)
I saw Chris!
TheUnshakenVA (5:13 PM)
Proof or didn't happen
Holy crap
Kezzie (5:14 PM)
Woah.
TheUnshakenVA (5:14 PM)
Without weening either
Nice
DooDoo fard2874 (5:14 PM)
Memorial avenue in Lynchburg Virginia
Kezzie (5:14 PM)
Noted.
DooDoo fard2874 (5:15 PM)
I ran up to him at an intersection to yell at him and he has a young blond girl in the passenger seat
Idk the age
TheUnshakenVA (5:15 PM)
WHAT
DooDoo fard2874 (5:16 PM)
He went on the highway towards Forest
In the opposite direction of Charlottesville
It all happened so fast and I was in the middle of the road so I couldn't get a pic
Kezzie (5:17 PM)
More on this - could you give a rough estimate on age?
DooDoo fard2874 (5:18 PM)
I couldn't tell you
Younger than Chris that's for sure
birb (5:18 PM)
did she look underage?
DooDoo fard2874 (5:19 PM)
My first thought was she was a child but I was in such a rush I didn't get a good sight
DooDoo fard2874 (5:21 PM)
I saw him, we followed him, at an intersection I ran up to him and yelled their name. We followed him to a Sheetz and he pulled into the parking lot. I ran after him and he pulled out of the lot and I yelled "CHRIS CHAN WE LOVE YOU" then he went out on the highway and we lost him.
birb (5:21 PM)
do we have an image of the blonde woman?
maybe we can cross reference
DooDoo fard2874 (5:21 PM)
Send a pic and I can identify
DooDoo fard2874 (5:22 PM)
Yup
That's her
100%
DooDoo fard2874 (5:36 PM)
Gallery
Chris's house
27 November 2023, by Ike
Gallery
Geno's CWCki usage
19 September 2024
Geno Samuel makes misleading claims about his usage of CWCki pages.
Net_narcolepsy (8:42 PM)
[Screenshot of a Reddit thread. ArseLonga says "Wait until I tell you where Geno gets the material for his youtube series. (Seriously, he copies the wiki almost word for word.)", and TrueGenoSamuel replies "I don't. I don't even read the cwcki."]
Geno Samuel (9:09 PM)
That's kinda true tho
Geno Samuel (9:13 PM)
People say I’m just reading the cwcki word for word but I’m not. I don’t usually follow the articles to get my info, just use the chronological record to keep track of the events.
What would be more accurate is to say that I’m reading the farms
Dormiebasne (9:14 PM)
When it comes to recent information or throughout?
Geno Samuel (9:15 PM)
I pretty much transitioned to 90% farms around 2012 in the story
Termination of Sonichu: The Animated Series
5 May
Geno Samuel
Bad news I’m afraid
In response to a user's comment, "do you plan on talking to chris to deal with this or just fight the claim":
Nah, there’s a case to be made. It is her artwork after all
In response to the user's comment, "is this the end of the animated adaptation?":
Ye 😔
In response to another user's comment, "@Geno Samuel you should have seen this coming"
Ye well… Chris was nice to the comprehensive history series so far
In response to the user's comment, "Yeah that’s trve
It’s still a shame dough I really wanted see sonichu 10 animated"
Episode 3 is done, and almost done with 4 too
And I got everyone’s voices up till episode 6
References
↑ https://archive.md/doV4x
↑ https://archive.md/doV4x
v • d • e
2020 Discord leaks
Parties
Naught • Official CWCki Server
Chat and DM leaks
Kai DMs • Kyle DMs • Other chats (April '20) • Other chats (May '20) • Other chats (July '20) • Other chats (Aug '20) • Other chats (September '20) • Other chats (undated) • Sockness DMs • The Place (Oct '19) • The Place (Nov '19) • The Place (Dec '19)
Image leaks
Jun '20 • Jul '20 • Undated
Writing leaks
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell • Sonichu Journal Pages • Whispering Spell (Restore Magic)
See also
Official CWCki Server chats
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Official_CWCki_Server_chats&oldid=348499"