Title: Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Original_Sonichu_and_Rosechu_Drawing
Categories: Things bought with taxpayer money, Sonichu artwork, EBay
================================================================================

YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!The contents of this page have been bought with taxpayer money!
"First ever straight-from-the-creator and artist full-colored Original Sonichu and Rosechu hand-drawn and colored artwork available for sale. The main image for this sale was edited to prevent forgery during the listing, but a sample of the color is the secondary photo."
"Rising Interests, AND Hurt from Trolls have instigated the increase of the Original Drawing in the relishing from the wrongful removal, so Tough. You want it; bid or PAY UP Now."
The inclusion of this image is to backup a previous unsolicited statement of "AND, in case you were paying attention, the Raichu Tail is FEMALE, just as the Rosechu that transformed from the original FEMALE Raichu HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL ALWAYS BE; VAGINIA, OVARIES, C-CUP MILKING BREASTS WITH TITS AND ALL!!!"
"Q: Why is the drawing dated 6/14/14? That date has not occurred yet. Are you sure this is legit? A: Oops! That was a mistake; I meant to write 6/1/2014; an extra "4" that should be disregarded, and it can not be undone or changed since it is laminated."
The photo Chris attached to the Facebook post advertising his third attempt to have a legitimate auction.
"CRAP!!! After a few days of non-eBay-influenced peace, they tore my listing DOWN AGAIN!!! UGH!!! Too many damn idiots making unsolicited offers while I am SET on the final value after the very same Stress multiple times!!!"
The seventh version of the listing preserved in its entirety.
Chris uploaded the colored version of his drawing on his seventh version on the 21st of June, disregarding his previous use of black-and-white as an anti-forgery countermeasure.
The Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing is a laminated hand-drawing of Sonichu and Rosechu that Chris auctioned off on eBay to raise the funds to buy more Legos. This was the second item Chris attempted to sell on eBay in 2014, the first being Bob's violin.
"Freshly thought and drawn on June 1, 2014", this picture also bears Chris's signature, although this is difficult to make out in the full-sized image. The uploaded images were originally solely in black-and-white, an apparent anti-forgery method used by Chris to protect his precious artworks from counterfeiting.
Encouraged by the attention shown from his artwork, Chris soon followed up this posting with a number of other original drawings for sale.
Contents
1 Specifications
2 First Two Listings
3 Protecting His Valuable Intellectual Property
4 Third Time's The Charm
5 Fourth Listing
6 Fifth Listing
7 During the Ban
8 Sixth Listing
9 The Second Ban
10 Seventh Listing (seriously, Chris, this isn't funny anymore)
11 Sold
12 Change of Business Model
12.1 "Original Sonichu Drawing: Sonichu's Zapping Boom, June 14, 2014"
12.1.1 Description
12.2 "Original Sonichu Drawing: Sweethearts Playing a Round, June 30, 2014."
12.2.1 Questions and answers
12.3 "Original Sonichu Drawing: Electric Wedding Bells, July 18, 2014"
12.3.1 Questions and answers
12.4 "Original Sonichu Drawing: WACs: Real American Heroines!, July 24, 2014"
12.4.1 eBay Description
12.4.2 Questions and Answers
12.5 "Original Sonichu Drawing: Angelic Angelica!, July 24, 2014"
12.6 "Original Sonichu Drawing: Bubbly Under The Sea, July 24, 2014"
12.7 Chris takes a break
13 External Links
Specifications
Note: all descriptions were by Chris himself, and were not verified.
Medium: Ink
Subject: Fantasy
Style: Pop Art
Size: 8.5 X 11
Date of Creation: 2000-Now
First Two Listings
Within the first day of bidding, the bids reached over $10,000 USD. Speculation of troll involvement was mentioned occasionally by Chris's friends on his Facebook post related to it. The first posting was removed, most likely due to Chris realizing (or being told) that he was unlikely to collect on it.
However, the listing returned on the next day, with some extra information added. Chris included a black-and-white picture of the frame he considered so goddamn important, a color closeup of his signature, a color closeup of Rosechu's crotch, and an additional alleged copyright page. Verification of the signature and Rosechu's womanhood caused bids to skyrocket, quickly reaching $15,000 USD. It's important to note that eBay does impose some limits on how much a seller can sell an item for without paying additional fees.
Protecting His Valuable Intellectual Property
Chris also made some untested copyright claims:
“
ALL Sonichu, Rosechu, Cwcville and such material is Copyrighted March, 2000 by Christian Weston Chandler, with Full Paperwork backed up in Washington DC. Any names, persons or characters and such illustrated in the past Original Comic Book Pages, LittleBiGPlanet 1, 2, PSP and Vita Levels under the PSN ID of "Sonichu", and all direct content from the Creator, Christian Weston Chandler, NOT originating from said Creator that may seem similar to anyone past or present, as well as under other respective ownerships, are purely coincidental or otherwise parodic. Ownership of Original characters of Pikachu, Pok'emon and Sonic the Hedgehog are those of Nintendo and SEGA of America respectively. The drawing that is being sold on eBay now is an Original artwork created by the original Creator of Christian Weston Chandler, and is solely being sold as an artwork with no original intent of profit
”
Chris
Third Time's The Charm
On the third day of bidding, the posting was taken down again, only to have Chris replace it with an identical one (minus the questions from prospective buyers). It is unknown if this was because eBay removed it, or because Chris realized he was being fucked with again. He also appeared to stop accepting future inquires regarding the item, likely due to misuse of it. He also made another Facebook post, again attempting to assert the authenticity of the item.
The original price was $5,000 Buy It Now or Best Offer, later reduced to $2,500. On Wednesday, June 04, 2014, a scant four days after the creation of the 'Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing', Chris accepted a 'Best Offer' of $1,000 for his artwork. However, the buyer backed out the next day. Chris also appeared to have removed (or possibly managed to sell) his father's Stradivarius violin.
Fourth Listing
After the previous buyer wouldn't pay up, Chris relisted the drawing on eBay with a $1,000 Buy It Now price and no auction. The sale was also a 'Pay It Now', meaning it must be paid for as soon as it is bought, so there is no chance of anyone 'buying' it and then backing out.
Chris later summarized his experiences thus far on Facebook:
With eBay constantly removing my listing for this SAME, SINGULAR ARTWORK Four Times the past week, and the offer-maker who offered 1,000 on the last listing Totally Bailed! I am super frustrated and I am just SET on one thousand or bust on this SAME drawing what my venture with it having been Really Too Much. And my mother and I REALLY NEED THE MONEY. Please Buy and Pay in Full Now!
With this update, Chris revealed that some of the removals of listings were due to eBay removing them. He also attempted to garner sympathy by reminding us all that the money is for his mother and him to live off of, as opposed to, say, Legos, for instance.
The fourth listing was eventually removed by eBay as a result of Chris asking people to make him offers on the drawing outside of the official eBay interface. He immediately removed the offending clause and relisted it with everything else intact.
I will be relisting Again, and I will make it Very Clear: NO OFFERS LESS THAN THE BUY IT NOW PRICE WILL BE ACCEPTED, AND ANY AND ALL OFFERS WILL BE READ AND DISREGARDED. I am not ignorant! I read all of those comments before I deleted them on the listing link here on Facebook.
My 72-Year Old Mother and I Really Need the Money. Why the hell send your money to the damn Cwcki and it's Forums when the Actual Artist and his family could use the money better for Debt relief and a living. Good Grief!!!
Fifth Listing
By 8 June, it was removed for the fifth time and Chris's eBay account was restricted from listing new items for 3 days due to repeated ToS violations. According to messages from eBay administration to Chris, posted by himself on Facebook for some inexplicable reason, these violations include 'direct sales', 'inappropriate links', and 'brand name misuse' (likely due to the usage of various copyrighted names in the listing). He reacted to this by demanding on Facebook that people
donate $1,000 to him via PayPal. He also betrayed the fact that he believed it was actually the troll bidding that got his listing pulled, not simultaneously soliciting sales on Facebook (a violation under the terms of service, as it allows the seller to avoid having to pay certain fees). The fact that Chris received several emails from eBay explaining the exact reason of these sanctions against him suggests that he didn't read (or agree with) the entirety of said emails.
Are You All HAPPY NOW?!!! Because of ALL OF YOU DAMN TROLLS pushing and Pushing and PUSHING ME, NOW I will not be able to list or relist for THREE DAYS!!! }:(( I am Super Angry at most Everyone for REALLY Letting the Oxygen Out Of My Tank!!!
The ONLY WAY YOU ALL CAN MAKE THIS UP TO ME RIGHT NOW, RIGHT FREAKING NOW!!! SEND ME $1,000.00, American Dollars, via PayPal to iammrc@aol.com. Quit Donating to the Hate-Crap-Filled Cwcki and it's Forum, and PAY ME!!! Money is Really Tight with me and my mother here!!!
Why the hell send your money, Donating to the Hate-Crap-Filled Cwcki and it's Forum, when the Actual Artist and Creator, who has not received ONE RED CENT for ANYTHING "inspired" from my own works SOLD over the freaking, Damnable Internet and its even More Damnable Social Websites, or Wherever, and his family could use the money better for Debt relief And a Living from a Tight, Low Budget!.
By this point, his Facebook friends repeatedly told him that begging for money and making demands was unlikely to make people want to help him, and that his art only really holds value to trolls. Several of them also suggested using a venue other than eBay to sell his wares, or to take commissions. Experience suggests that it is exceedingly unlikely that Chris will listen to the advice of others.
Later in the day, Chris seemed to have calmed down somewhat. Despite almost unanimous commentary on his previous Facebook status, telling him that his price was too high and that maybe he'd have more success selling more pieces at a lower cost, Chris remained unwavering in his belief that this piece (or perhaps the time and effort spent trying to sell it) was absolutely worth a grand.
At this point, I will sell the framed drawing to the first person who sends me $1,000.00, USA American via PayPal (see earlier post). Please provide your name and US Mailing address in the details.
After that, and after the three day suspension, I will be more reasonably priced on future drawings. But if no one sends the $1,000.00, the still current drawing will be relisted for the full $1,000.00, regardless.
During the Ban
On June 9th, a buyer (presumably the one that 'bought' the piece before backing out and leaving Chris holding a big bag of fuck-all instead of a ten thousand dollar payday) left negative feedback on Chris's eBay account.
Refuses to cooperate. Extremely rude and threatening. Blocks buyer no replies.
Sixth Listing
On June 12th, true to his word, Chris relisted the picture as soon as his ban had expired. Chris did not link to the posting on his Facebook status. The price remained at $1000, showing that Chris did however completely ignore all advice recommending he lower his prices.
“
No Offers of Lower Value Will Be Accepted, PERIOD!!! NO DIRECT SALES EITHER!!! BUY IT NOW AND PAY IN FULL ONLY!!! I am Sick and Tired of eBay constantly removing my ONE listing for the ONE Artwork/Drawing that I have still YET to sell!!! UGH!!! My 72-Year Old Mother and I Really Need the Money. Why the hell send your money to the damn Cwcki and it's Forums when the Actual Artist and his family could use the money better for Debt relief and a living. Good Grief!!!
”
Chris, introducing the new and improved eBay posting
The statement of 'no direct sales' can either be interpreted as Chris claiming he will not attempt to sell the piece through Facebook again, or a disclaimer that he will not accept 'direct sales', which would suggest he still doesn't fully understand the reason of his ban.
The Second Ban
“
UGH! Persephone, fuck me; the listing got removed AGAIN!!!
”
Chris, June 13
Soon after, the sale was removed again. Chris received another three-day ban from selling any items on eBay.
Seventh Listing (seriously, Chris, this isn't funny anymore)
On June 16th, Chris relisted the image once more, standing his ground with the price of $1000. He posted a link to his eBay account, which may or may not be the exact reason of his multiple removals and (so far) two selling bans. The description of the item more closely resembled what it had originally been, before a combination of both the trolls placing fake bids and eBay taking issue with Chris's disregard for the rules had created the circus we see today. He retained the lengthy copyright paragraph, which also may have been a reason for Chris to be considered breaking the Terms of Service of eBay.
Early on June 17th, Chris dropped the price to $500. He later explained (in answer to a question nobody asked) why he has declined exactly 245 offers separate from his Buy It Now price.:
I only declined the offers for good reasons: 0 Feedback are often Trolls; if they Really can offer MORE than the asking price or close equal, then they can afford to Buy It Now; I am very, reasonably paranoid.
So there.
On June 21st, Chris changed the image to a new photograph of the framed picture in color. It is unknown what caused him to abandon this security measure.
Bidding ended at 10:33 PM, on June 22nd (in Chris's timezone), several seconds before the timer expired, when Chris accepted the best offer.
Shortly after the auction concluded (for now), Chris had this to say:
I took the more reasonable offer that was made closest to the end of the Sonichu and Rosechu drawing's listing. If no payment is received, it will be relisted after a week. The Violin IS NOT FAKE OR COUNTERFEIT, you damn bored, hateful, despicable, immature, uncaring bastards.
The buyer of the masterpiece sent positive feedback in eBay on June 23rd saying:
Can't wait to get this man. It's so hard to find decent rolling papers nowadays.
The buyer felt that the original price he paid was a bit too high.
He sent another feedback on June 26th saying:
You think you could sell me this for $20 though? I'll trade you my good vase too
By June 30, Chris explained via Facebook that the buyer 'flaked out' on him.
Sold
On 1 July 2014, the Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing was purchased for $200 by an unknown person for unknown reasons. It can be inferred that the drawing was paid for because Chris shipped it. The buyer gave the following feedback:
I absolutely love it! :) Super fast shipping too! Thank you so much, Chris
Change of Business Model
Main articles: Autographed Photos, Commissions, and Medallions#The medallion goes mass-market
Despite his difficulties selling this single piece of art, the tremendous interest in the item raised Chris's hopes that he could make money selling his art and capitalizing on his fame. Over the next several months, he began selling commissions for other drawings, autographed photos of himself, and his famous clay medallions.
Furthermore, he put on the market six more original drawings. Originally listed at $200, they were later marked down to $150. The first two appeared on 30 June:
"Original Sonichu Drawing: Sonichu's Zapping Boom, June 14, 2014"
This drawing depicts our hero Sonichu going fast. The title might refer to Sonic Boom.
Description
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh full-colored Original Sonichu hand-drawn and colored artwork available for sale. The title of this piece is "Sonichu's Zapping Boom". The drawing is Laminated and Framed in a lovely photo frame. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". The Signature is in the lower-right area, right under the mountains, with the Copyright Date note of 3/2000; it was Freshly Thought and Drawn on June 14, 2014. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included and taped onto the drawing's back. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist.
**Take Heart and UNDERSTAND!!! There will NOT be ANY altercations made to the drawing AT ALL. The drawing WILL be framed and mailed via USPS First Class and Expedited with Delivery Confirmation and a Tracking Number and marked "Fragile; Handle With Care". I have NO obligation to make any personal appearances upon my own personal risk.
Everyone involved, including ALL Bidders, are bound by eBay's Terms and Regulations as stated therein, link below at bottom of this web page.
Discretion (As stated in the Comic Page image freshly added to the listing with few updates): ALL Sonichu, Rosechu, Cwcville and such material is Copyrighted March, 2000 by Christian Weston Chandler, with Full Paperwork backed up in Washington DC. Any names, persons or characters and such illustrated in the past Original Comic Book Pages, LittleBiGPlanet 1, 2, PSP and Vita Levels under the PSN ID of "Sonichu", and all direct content from the Creator, Christian Weston Chandler, NOT originating from said Creator that may seem similar to anyone past or present, as well as under other respective ownerships, are purely coincidental or otherwise parodic. Ownership of Original characters of Pikachu, Pok'emon and Sonic the Hedgehog are those of Nintendo and SEGA of America respectively. The drawing that is being sold on eBay now is an Original artwork created by the original Creator of Sonicu, Rosechu and the city of Cwcville, Christian Weston Chandler, and is solely being sold as an artwork.
"Original Sonichu Drawing: Sweethearts Playing a Round, June 30, 2014."
Here we have Sonichu and Rosechu playing tennis while a giant image of Rosechu holding what appears to be a banana looms over them. The eBay description was almost identical to that of the previous drawing. Chris helpfully explained the confusing perspective:
Questions and answers
Hello, I am very confused about what is happening in this drawing. Why is one roseychu so much larger than the other roseychu? Please explain. -a member of your UK sonichu fanbase
They both are the same Rosechu; the background action is a recent memory from her past going on.
"Original Sonichu Drawing: Electric Wedding Bells, July 18, 2014"
How romantic.
This was listed on 5 August and announced on Facebook. It is a visual depiction of the Lovehogs' wedding. Blake is hiding in the rafters, and the pastor appears to be based off Elizabeth Foss, his pastor at Wesley Memorial. He described the ceremony in detail on the CWCipedia:
During another one of the "Capture Sonichu" plans, it took place on March 17, 2006, at Samuel Memorial United Christian Church... The Wedding Day of Sonichu and Rosechu. It was going to be a simple plan of shooting a net at Sonichu and the few camouflaged Team Rocket members going in for the reel. They were even camouflaged from Magi-Chan Sonichu's telepathy while they wore dome helmets of lead. Blake was concealed above the main church entrance the whole time. He was going to shoot the net right before the "I Dos", but something else wandered his mind... or should I say someOne. Bubbles Rosechu was one of the Bridesmaids alongside Angelica,Crystal, Allison, and a couple of other ladies that escape me at the moment. Bubbles stood out among all of the bridesmaids, and caught Blake's eyes like a child finding a shiny new quarter on a tile floor. It was Love at First Sight for Black Sonichu, and that was unfortunate for Team Rocket, because that love immobilized him, and he didn't shoot the net until after Sonichu and Roschu were pronounced man and wife, kissed and walked back up the aisle. The net missed everyone and hit the stained-glass window behind the serving Justice of the Peace. He later learned her name from a copy of the Wedding Program.
True and Honest fans noted some chronological inconsistencies, notably the attendance of Zapina and Simonla. In a Q&A, Chris tried to clear up the confusion:
Questions and answers
The wedding occurred at 17 March 2006. According to the Chronology, the in-universe date for Simonla's first appearance in the comic is 3 November 2007, so she definitely shouldn't be at the wedding. The presence of Zappina is also a chronological error. In her first appearance in the comics (episode 17) she introduces herself to Rosechu, suggesting the two were not previously acquainted. But as the Sonichu chronology shows, episode 17 happened AFTER the wedding, meaning Rosechu and Zappina wouldn't have known each other at this time. With no one knowing Zappina and Simonla; why are they at the wedding? Is this a trick you're trying to pull here?
No trick; regardless of first appearance chronologically, the ladies are still able to have met long beforehand. Rosechu (Prime) knew her and Zapina; they may have been lightly introduced during the wedding (what with the wedding day jitters and stress), plus Lolisa might not have met them formally before the comic appearance. You all may make your own surmises upon my surprises.
i honestly wish to buy this, but people have been saying you cannot afford to ship this out. is this true? i was directed to your facebook where you made a status update confirming these rumors. like i said i really wish to purchase this high quality painting and possibly more, but i am very apprehensive about their and your claims of non-delivery.
That post is now outdated: I will be most capable of shipping the piece to you the very next day after receiving payment.
"Original Sonichu Drawing: WACs: Real American Heroines!, July 24, 2014"
This picture appeared on eBay on 10 September. It depicts Rosechu in a militant posture akin to her Incredible Lioness mutation, doing battle against all that is un-American. Chris was obviously inspired by his recent discoveries regarding his gender identity.
eBay Description
I dedicate the coloring of this piece towards the brave women of all kinds that have braved their own battles, rather it be enduring the torturous pains from being institutionalized up to the late 1800s for being Lesbians. As well as the women in the Women's Army Corp who completely stood up against President Eisenhower's sweep-out plan and made him back the heck off! And everyone amongst the LGBT community I have become a part of personally in two of the categories of Transgender and Lesbian. And I am very proud to be a Woman and Lesbian Soul, and I appreciate and feel for those lesbian souls who have suffered and worked as difficult as they all have in their lifetimes. Equal Rights for Everyone in our LGBT Communities!!!
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh full-colored Original Sonichu hand-drawn and colored artwork available for sale. The title of this piece is "WACs: Real American Heroines!" (featuring Rosechu). The drawing is Laminated and will be Framed in a lovely photo frame. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". The Signature is in the lower-right area, right under the mountains, with the Copyright Date note of 3/2000; it was Freshly Thought and Drawn on July 24, 2014. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included and taped onto the drawing's back. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist.
**Take Heart and UNDERSTAND!!! There will NOT be ANY altercations made to the drawing AT ALL. The drawing WILL be framed and mailed via USPS First Class and Expedited with Delivery Confirmation and a Tracking Number and marked "Fragile; Handle With Care". I have NO obligation to make any personal appearances upon my own personal risk.
Questions and Answers
You said that lesbians were raped and it was a bad thing; but you yourself said that you wanted gay men to be "cured" with your blood and forced to have vagina pushed into their faces. Have you changed your views? Do you not want gay men cured anymore? If you have honestly changed, I think people would buy more stuff like this from you.
I don't care about them; as far as I am concerned, they can do whatever they want, as long as they do not give me any reasons to be angry at any of them.
Are Rosechu's private parts showing in this picture? It looks like there is a rip in the crotch of her pants and her lady parts are exposed to see! I am interested in this piece, but not if it's pornographic.
As portrayed in the drawing, She had been fighting in Heavy Warfare and Battles for America and Freedom. During which, she would have got her clothing torn in random places. Also, the Trolls have often portrayed my Rosechu with a horrific penis or a pickle (vegetable) for a penis; I wanted to make it Very Clear that Rosechu IS FULL ON FEMALE!!! Also, if you look up Lesbian History in America, on the Wikipedia Article or wherever else: between the 1600s and 1899, Lesbians were misunderstood often for mentally unstable and were institutionalized. During which, in the "name of curing them", the Male Doctors would actually rape the lesbians. And they were Prostitued with a blind eye turned by the police, and forced to have sex with men against their will. Also, some women find it empowering to show off their bodies to play on the stereotypical male's horniness and sex drive to get what they want and need. Of which is reasonably able to be seen as objectified, but you take the good with the bad, and come up with your own opinions and ideas. Women, Lesbian or Straight, all have suffered under the griefs of Male Chauvinism and all that for a LOT of Years. And to make sure Rosechu will not be mislabeled or misdrawn again as anything but the woman she is! It is not meant to be Pornographic, her privates are not exposed; those are her panties.
This sold for $150 on 17 September.
On 9 September, Chris listed two more pieces, the last during 2014. Neither attracted any attention before the account went on hiatus.
"Original Sonichu Drawing: Angelic Angelica!, July 24, 2014"
"Original Sonichu Drawing: Bubbly Under The Sea, July 24, 2014"
Chris takes a break
On 6 December 2014, the following notice appeared on all of Chris's eBay pages:
**UPDATE 12/06/2014**
As of this moment, up to January first, 2015, I am on break from making medallions and commissions, aside from all of the remainder that will be completed and
shipped by Wednesday the 10th.
My mother and I are going to be in the process of moving back into our renovated house by Christmas.
Any new orders made between now and January 1st will not be able to begin or fill them until close to or after that date. Feel free to place a new order if you wish now, but do not expect it/them until middle of next January.
I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience, and Appreciate your patronage, patience and understanding. Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays and Happy New Year.
He did not actually return to eBay until 2 February 2015. Even then, the restrictions placed on his account prevented him from listing any original drawings. When he moved his shop to Etsy in September 2015, while he now had the freedom to sell original drawings, he chose not to.
External Links
eBay listing archive
v • d • e
Business
Platforms
CWCville Shopping†  • Cwclight • eBay†  • Etsy (OfficialCWCmart)  • Lulu*  • Patreon†  • Redbubble*  • YouTube*
Crafts
Medallions • Sonichu Amiibo • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
Drawings
Sonichu comics • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing • Commissions
Videos
Interviews • Paid Video Requests
eBay Sales listings
2008–2013 • 2014–2015 • 2016 • 2017  • 2018 • 2019 • 2020
Commissions and Collaborations
Prequel Comic  • Sonichu and Night Star Plushies  • Shrek Retold  • Praetor
Other
Autographed photos  • Yep, I'm on T.V. Two DVD Set  • Skylanders avatar
Managers
Bryanfrogboy • Caden Peck • Null
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Original_Sonichu_and_Rosechu_Drawing&oldid=300202"