Title: Other documents
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Other_documents
Categories: Category, Historical Documents
================================================================================

This is a collection of various other documents related to Chris.
Contents
1 Edits to his Encyclopedia Dramatica page
1.1 Why the hatred?
1.2 Chris to ED again (lol wut)
1.3 About his family
1.4 Another message to ED
1.5 Prank date (March 2005)
1.6 Joshua Martinez
1.7 Sonichu Copyright Notice
1.8 The Man in the Pickle Suit
2 AIM away message
3 Epistle to the Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
4 Chris thanks the Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
5 Chris's wingman
6 References
Edits to his Encyclopedia Dramatica page
Why the hatred?
Months ago, I have found from this page being the first of a number hate against me, Christian Weston Chandler. *sigh* Among the number of you all, my name has been dragged through the mud, my e-mail and MySpace have been hacked for the e-mail information and random information that have been twisted into mockery of my person, my integrity, my honesty, my compassion, my heart, my soul, my being. Not only that, but the names of my two best gal-pals, Megan Schroeder and Anna McLerran, and my Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon, Sonichu and Rosechu, have also been dragged through the mud of mockery along with mine. Not only were my feelings were hurt greatly, but also those of Megan and Anna, and a number of my acquaintances within my small social circle were shocked and terrified that such cruelty, such mockery, such hatred was built from the number of those who have added more and more to this disgrace of a description of my being.
For a while, I was angry and enraged, and I shoved information and drawings regretfully drawn beyond my personal boundries down the throat of the webmasters of the page, in attempt to kill the hype and hatred against me. But No More, I give up on trying to edit the page to be more positive, or to delete the page altogether.
But I have ONE Question, that I put unto you all, the individuals who have taken part in creating this web page, and I would appreciate an Open, Detailed and Honest Answer from each of you in simple e-mails or reply on this discussion page.
Why do you hate me so much?
What did I do against you to cause the hatred against me? What physical or emotional harm have I ensued unto you? Why do you hate me for being myself in this world full of people who can't help but be themselves? I've had nothing against any of you. I don't even know any of you personally, as far as I know. I have nothing that any of you have already, so Why?
I leave you with that to ponder and ponder again over.
Sincerely;
Christian Weston Chandler.
Chris to ED again (lol wut)
Hey, B-Itches, Quit your barkin'.
I have returned to my comic drawing, one page at a time, so you can quit your slanderous, unrequired cries for attention. Also, I LAUGH at your mockery of a medal imitation; yours looks MORE like a sugar cookie I had with lunch...from a Grocery Store; Free Cookies!
The neighbors have been complaining, and they have provided over a Thousand signatures on the Petition; let your Encyclopedogia Bitchmatica get its injection for eternal sleep.
|----
Middle Finger in your "Ear Lot Evil".
About his family
I have been living with both my mother and father. I have two half-brothers and a half-sister; they were all grown-ups when I was born. My mother's son, Joseph Cole Smithey, is a famed movie reviewer in NYC; www.colesmithey.com is his website. My father's son, David Alan Chandler, is an Optomologist in Chesterfield County; he was the one who told me that I was nearsighted and needed glasses. He is also married, and has a beautiful daughter, Savanna. My only niece as of yet. My father's daughter, Carol Suzanne Chandler, is a Math Geinus. not much is currently known about her, but last time my father checked, she is a Government Official in D.C. I never knew my grandparents; they died LONG BEFORE I was born.
And if you have so much free time to play the cruelest game of "KICK THE AUTISTIC", then you CAN and SHOULD put the time to better use; volunteer for a social chore; take up the culture in tasteful art; go out and socialize.
Another message to ED
I AM ADDING THE POSITIVITY THIS HELL-HOLE OF A WEBSITE NEEDS; you just do not appreciate the POSITIVITY I AM ADDING TO THE PAGE. What I am doing is a STAND against OFFENSIVE, UNNATURAL, UNREQUIRED Additions to ANY Female Image. What I am doing is a STAND for EVERY SINGLE WOMAN Everywhere, because NO WOMAN would EVER want such a Horrific Twist of Fate. What I am doing is a STAND against the VERY THING that is NOT FUNNY AT ALL!!!!!!!
So, Draw Breasts, Vaginas, Uterus, Ovaries and the God-Given Eggs within them, you Two-Inch Short Dick-HEADS!!!!!!!!
Sincerely, Christian Weston Chandler, A Man For The Women, For the Women's Rights, For the Women's Justice, For the Women's Peace.
P.S. Grow a BACKBONE and GO ASK WOMEN OUT AS WELL, YOU TROLLS!
Prank date (March 2005)
"One day in March, 2005, I now go to Fashion Square, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, with my Nintendo DS, GBAVideos, GBAJukebox, my Sonichu Scrapbook, and I've brought up some courage to start saying "Hello" to the girls I find very pretty, and possibly Boyfriend-Free.
Earlier this week, a girl, who shall remain nameless in this story, finally noticed and approached me. I was hoping for a moment like this. And she asked me to have a beverage with her and talk about things. I was very ESTATIC, and my SHATTERED Heart had a speedy recovery back to 100%; We had a nice "Mini-Date," I maintained Eye-Contact, I was very attentive, and I took notes about her. I thought she was very pretty, I enjoyed her charming wit, and I found her to be a very nice and lovely girl. But, later on, as I was figuring out steps for future dates, I learned from a couple of Gal-Pals, that I have previously made at the Shopping Center, that my new girlfriend was not serious; she was setting me up for a prank. I could not believe it at first, so I found and asked her myself. Unfortunately it was true. I was shocked, and my heart was re-shattered down to being 15% intact."
Joshua Martinez
Look, pal, if you REALLY WANT to TAKE DOWN someone who HAS a REPUTATION, consider one JOSHUA MARTINEZ.
Ladies come a runnin' from at least as far as New York City to his house in Dyke, VA; not just any ladies, but STARS like Megan Fox, Jessica Alba, Jessica Biel, Jessica Simpson and plenty other whores. He also has been Piggy-Backing on the Stardom of Vanessa Hudgens; singing with her in her Latino Albums, and starring with her in various HBO movies, and even worse, TRANSFORMERS 2. He has her and some other gal named Brittany for BOTH HIS SIMULTANEOUS GIRLFRIENDS; DUAL Marriage in the works here.
He's a more LUCKY S.O.B. than I can ever surmount to.
RUIN HIS REPUTATION.
Joshua Martinez.
PS YOU DID NOT HEAR THIS WHOLE THING FROM ME.
Sonichu Copyright Notice
If I should see the "Sonichu" name used to describe any character, other than my original Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon, I will send you an E-Mail to inform you if you have intruded into Copyrighted territory, and request that you remove the name from your website, or forum entry, and change it to something else. If, however, you do not abide to the request, or not reply to the E-mail within 14 days, I may take legal action against you.
The Man in the Pickle Suit
The man in the Pickle Suit tricked me once again!
AIM away message
I am away from my computer right now, but, Spread the word about the following issues, please:
This webpage (http://www.encyclopediadramatica.com/Chris-chan) has been haunting me since November, 2007; I wish I had never found the dang thing, and I wish it to be taken down forever. But the numerous jerks who contributed to twisting and turning my words into adulturious lies and mockeries will not want it taken down. Strike against them for me; create an account for yourself, and delete the whole page under "Edit". Go forth, and force its downfall; god knows the number of falls I have taken in forcing its downfall as well.
And I have just learned of the individual responsible for putting the webpage up in the first place, Jason Kendrick Howell at howellgames@gmail.com; send him as much HATE as you can, until that heinous page is taken down!
Also, please, you and all of the Sonichu Fans, spread the word to Nintendo of America's doorstep in e-mails, snail-mail, phone calls, etc. about the fame of my Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon, so that NOA and Sega can get behind me and help me make him as great as I'd like him to be.
Thank you.
Peace,
Christian Weston Chandler.
Epistle to the Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
The following is a note Chris intended to deliver via Rocky to the other parishioners at his Church. It was leaked on 30 March 2013 at the CWCki Forums:
**Please Print (in multiples) and Share This Message with EVERYBODY at Church**
I, Christian Weston Chandler, will not be attending church for a long time.
I feel that ever since Reverend Elizabeth Foss left our church, it has greatly gone downhill for me. Ed Winkler Banned me from the church for a month. He has Banned me from Speaking my peace during the Sharing of Joys and Concerns, and from that, I have felt unnecessarily Silenced. I also feel my meetings with Rocky no longer have much effect on me or my life. My life continues to be at a disappointing standstill of sadness, loneliness and great stress. Only the people way older than me ever do so much as greet me, and I have very little to share in common with any of them. Nobody even close to my age, or even in their twenties, gives me much to do, or include me in their conversations.
Aside from that, I am hated by a number of people for reasons beyond my full understanding, because I always tried to be a good and nice person for a long time. And in public, I am constantly overlooked, ignored or ostracized by Everybody. Even speaking out gets me absolutely no attention. I continue to be paranoid of most everyone, because of them likely being among the Internet Trolls that still continue to haunt and taunt me. I am still long desperate for a woman to be my Sweetheart. I am tired of being single, dang it. I continue to serve my family the best I can, and I continue to feel sad, depressed and lonely. My heart feels numb, and I am forced to keep a great emotional distance from Everybody outside my house and home. I am an autistic mental and emotional mess, and there is very little I can do to help myself, beyond my knowledge. And God sees fit for some (hate-filled) reason to continue to curse me as a jinx.
And, so, the church is not helping me much in my life, mentally, or emotionally, at all. So I will not be coming back for a long time.
Sent from my iPhone
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler
While the precise date of the note is not currently known, we can discern it was written after July 2011, as this was the time Ed Winkler (who is mentioned in the note) became a pastor at Wesley Memorial.[1]
Chris thanks the Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church
The following note was written by Chris and posted on the website of the Wesley Memorial United Methodist Church on 2 March 2014:[2]
Thank you all for your donations and prayers in my mother and I’s misfortune with the fire in our house on January 10th morning. Our insurance, State Farm, agent was most helpful to us with temporary hotel accommodations, and our current rental house residence. It will take up to six months for the reconstruction of our original house. Our dogs and cat have settled in our new home well as well, and we are faring okay. Financially, it is slim, and we are unsure of being reimbursed for our turned-in receipts to our agent. But we have recovered many to most of our belongings from the house that did not get destroyed in the fire, as well as replacing some of them. . . . Aside from that, my mother and I are suffering to recovering from bronchitis (hit me first on the tenth of February; hit her a week later; we have prescribed antibiotics, juice and chicken noodle soup to help us recover). I have been feeling better lately. Again, thank you all so much for caring and helping us in our time of loss and need. — Christian
Chris's wingman
Main article: July 25, 2014 Leaks
On 25 July 2014, a correspondence between Chris and an unidentified person was leaked on the CWCki Forums (now known as Kiwi Farms)[3]. The exchange, which took place between 28-30 June 2014, mainly revolved around the unidentified person giving Chris advice on how pick up girls on OKcupid. It is not clear through which medium did Chris and other person corresponded, but it appears to be text messaging, as the other person mentions it takes him a long time to text. One of the main highlights of the correspondence is Chris admitting in an unambiguous manner to having lost his virginity to a prostitute.
References
↑ [1]
↑ [2]
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/fun-chris-conversation-dropped-july-25-2014.4389/(archive)
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Other_documents&oldid=299040"