Title: Pmurt
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sentinel_Fucked_Up_Prime
Categories: Pages with fan videos, Articles of the Now, Pmurt Saga, Politics, CWC-isms, Things Chris hates, People, People from New York, People from the United States, Trolls, Presidents of the United States of America, Boomer Generation
================================================================================

“
No, I don't take responsibility at all.
”
Donald Trump, 2020
“
Plus, Trump is just too damn rich And immature. And "Trump" spelled backwards is "Pmurt", which rhymes with "Hurt", and he would badly "Pmurt" this country in office.
”
Chris
Donald Trump
Information
Name
Donald John Trump
Also known as
PmurtA Mean OneNumber 45Darn Ol' TrampDrumpfDrumpftasticSentinel Fucked Up Prime
Date of Birth
14 June 1946 (age 79)
Gender
MALE
Nationality
American
Race
White
Occupation
Real estate developerTelevision hostPresident, United States (2017-2021), (2025-)
Preceded by
Barack Obama (2017)Joe Biden (2025)
Succeeded by
Joe Biden (2021)
Sagas
Pmurt
Pmurt is a CWC-ism for billionaire businessman and 45th and 47th President of the United States Donald Trump (born 14 June 1946). He initially pronounced it "murt", based on his opinion that the P is silent when the name is said backwards;[1] however, in Eid, Pmurt, Eid!!!, he pronounced the P.
Known for being a wealthy real-estate developer and socialite in New York City as well as host of the reality television game show The Apprentice, Trump became the Republican Party's nominee for the presidency three times, in 2016, 2020, and 2024. He managed to pull off an upset Electoral College victory against Hillary Clinton in 2016 but lost in 2020 to Joe Biden amidst the Covid-19 pandemic. The 2024 election initially shaped up to be a rematch between Trump and Biden, but Biden's exit from the campaign due to his advanced age led to Trump's Democratic opponent being Vice President Kamala Harris instead. Trump won the election by a larger margin than he had in 2016, winning the popular vote for the first time as well as the Electoral College. Much like Chris, Trump has his fair share of A-Logs, White-Knights, Enablers and Carpetbaggers.
Starting in the latter half of 2016, Chris started to become vocal about his intense dislike of Pmurt on Facebook. In spite of how passionate he feels about Pmurt, Chris's understanding of contemporary politics continues to be exceptionally poor. On 8 November 2016, Chris participated in the US presidential election and voted for Clinton.[2] Following news that Trump had won the election, Chris reacted by making multiple death threats against him and Vice President-elect Mike Pence, which is actually against the law.
Since encountering the Idea Guys, however, Chris has largely lost interest in politics in favor of engaging in his messiah complex, and as such, has mostly forgotten about Trump. He never addressed his impeachment, which seems odd considering that it was the closest he came to being removed from office early. Nonetheless, Chris slowly became more interested in the 2020 election in the final weeks before election day, particularly after Trump contracted COVID-19. After a drawn-out election in 2020 due to complications with counting a substantial increase in mail votes compared to previous years, Trump lost his re-election bid and was succeeded by Joe Biden as President. Chris completely lost interest in the former President by early 2021, though he still holds Trump in very low regards as suggested by OfficialCWCmart Jail Art from 2022.[3][4]
After Trump won the presidency again in 2024, Chris's reaction was to refer to Trump as "Sentinel Fucked Up Prime" on Twitter, a surprisingly more mature take than the tantrums and death threats from 2016 (as is likely he now realizes doing the latter again could throw him in federal prison).
Contents
1 Meaning of the name
2 Opposition to Trump
2.1 On character
2.2 On the issues
2.3 On issues relevant to Chris
2.3.1 LGBTQ
2.3.2 The tugboat
3 Chris's news sources
4 Anti-Trump petitions
5 Death threats
5.1 2016
5.2 2017
5.3 Chris on his death threats
6 2024 election
7 Gallery
8 Fan videos
9 See also
10 References
11 External links
Meaning of the name
“
Well, at least MY face ain't fuckin' orange!
”
Chris, several separate occasions before 2016
This is what Chris probably believes.
This CWC-ism comes from a Facebook comment from 25 September
(partially quoted above), in which Chris says that "Trump spelled backwards is "Pmurt", which rhymes with hurt, and that Trump would badly "Pmurt" the US if elected".
Reversing Trump’s name has twofold meanings. Firstly, names are particularly sacred to Chris;[5][6][7] in his eyes, mocking someone's name will severely degrade them—this article will establish that Chris has enormous disdain for Donald Trump. Secondly, Chris has historically assumed that saying something backwards induces subliminal stimuli[8]—which he believes are enormously influential on the psyche and the physical body.[9] Therefore, Chris may believe reversing Trump's name, in a negative context, might effectively alter his audience's perception of him. Beyond the random-access humor, Chris probably thinks his rendition of Trump’s name is a serious presidential objection that everyone needs to consider.
Chris continued using this backwards name in subsequent Facebook posts and videos.
Opposition to Trump
The changed banner on the CWCki front page just after Pmurt's election in 2016.
“
You have Got to be kidding! Trump is most Immature, Uncouth, and Not Valid to be president. Trump will ONLY make the Country go BROKE, as Groening predicted, and ALL the money will ONLY go to his own debtors and the Fat Cat Rich People, and Hardly ANY for us in the middle class and below. Not to mention he is Anti-LGBTQ, Anti-Immigrants, he puts down Women VERY BAD, and he is an all-around Bad Person.
Hillary will Tax the Fat Cats and fill the middle class and lower and get the country less in debt. And She is PRO-LGBTQ and Immigrants, AND She is more beneficial for EVERYONE in General. AND, this country is long Overdue for a Woman's touch.
You should Watch ALL Three Debates On YouTube. I'll send you the links in chronological Order.
”
Chris[10]
Chris has historically never had any real interest in politics. Combined with his general indifference towards anything intellectual in favor of nobler pursuits, it's perplexing that Trump's involvement in politics would concern Chris as much as it does. Speculation has suggested a more personal root to Chris's animosity. As Chris’s view of politics effectively begins and ends with himself, the true root of his anger lies somewhere in the bramble bush of his confused psyche.
For one thing, Chris is highly impressionable. As discussed later on this page, the LGBT blogs and groups he follows on Facebook have a negative opinion of Trump, as they generally do with most right-wing politicians due to their left-wing biases. Going off of the minimal amount of information he's absorbed from said blogs, Chris has said that he is afraid of what a Trump presidency could mean for him and his lesbian soul. This is in addition to the general trend among popular culture and major media outlets, which has also been severely critical of Trump. Considering how Chris takes things he sees in media at face value, it makes sense that he would readily and eagerly accept these sentiments without a second thought.
Ironically enough, despite Trump's anti-LGBT policies[11] and the potential policies that he claimed that he would consider implementing (but never did), Chris was hardly affected by any of them due to being a NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) and too old to experience some of the issues facing younger gay and trans Americans. One of the only areas where Chris would have been negatively affected was with the restriction of a few response options on the Census, although there's no evidence suggesting that he actually took part in it.
Chris has shown that he picks his candidates based on who he can identify with more. On account of his gender confusion and dislike of men, Hillary Clinton was far more attractive to him simply because she was a woman. The evidence for this is overwhelming, especially considering that he once compared her with Sarah Palin.[12] This is also consistent with Chris’s fondness for George W. Bush and Barack Obama, both of whom he voted for because he liked them personally.
Especially salient to this discussion is the mentality behind Chris’s brand loyalty. Once Chris picks a side on something, he will defend that side no matter what due to a misplaced sense of rigid devotion. This time the side he picked has down and out lost. Chris has been legally able to vote since February 24, 2000. He's never mentioned voting for a losing candidate in a presidential election before. It's possible that his explosive anger is based partially in the fact that his favored candidate didn't come out on top this time.
Chris has provided the following reasons for why he dislikes Trump. It’s unclear how many of these are his actual opinions and not just things he’s parroting from what he’s heard on the internet. As the astute of you will quickly notice, many of the negative qualities he accuses Trump of having are ones that he himself possesses.
On character
A Trump flag that Chris vandalized before signing in 2020.
He "is very spiteful".[13]
He is an "immature brat who mocks everyone".[14]
He "was a one-track tape, repeating himself on pat [sic] deeds that he was "proud"(?) of".[15]
He is "hot-headed, impulsive, orange-faced, money-grubbing, double-dealing, immigrant and race offensive, and most offensive [on] the LGBTQ".[16]
He "puts down Women VERY BAD".[10]
His "Womanizing and raping actions".
He is a male. In February 2016, Chris said, "I feel like American [sic] needs a woman's touch finally after all these years"[12] as a reason for why he wanted Hillary Clinton to become president. On 20 November, he stated Trump "is of SOO Many Typical Offensive MALE Stereotypes, he probably was born with Two damned "Y" Chromosomes instead of the usual "XY" pair".[16]
He is "Not Valid to be president".[10]
Interestingly, both Trump and Chris have been accused of sexual harassment. While Trump is legally considered a rapist in regard to his unwanted sexual harassment of E. Jean Carroll, Chris shockingly got off scot-free for his incestuous affair after spending over a year in jail, and is not considered a sex offender.
On the issues
He "Wants the immigrants to build their own "Keep Out" wall so [he] would kick them all out".[14]
He has "ideals of cutting finances from all of the more important resources the country needs in communities and feeding the industries from the National Debt. And he acted against the immigrants in that topic as well; they have to work too, you know".[15]
He "will ONLY make the Country go BROKE, as Groening predicted, and ALL the money will ONLY go to his own debtors and the Fat Cat Rich People, and Hardly ANY for us in the middle class and below" and "Hillary will Tax the Fat Cats and fill the middle class and lower and get the country less in debt".[10]
On issues relevant to Chris
LGBTQ
Chris was especially paranoid in his belief that Trump and Pence "hate" the LGBTQ community.[14]
Chris has said he does "not just despise Trump and Pence, but as a Leabian [sic] Transwoman, and high-functioning autistic person, I fear, too, what would happen with those two God-damned jerks in the White House". In addition, he said, "I fear the loss of my own rights alongside our other LGBTQ community people's as well".[17]
However, he has been vague in explaining why any policies they could implement would affect him. Chris does not face discrimination in the workforce, or in society (at least not from being transgender). Throughout their entire first term, Trump and Pence did not criminalize the LGBT community nor they legalized widespread discrimination of them. Sure, large segments of the Republican Party are anti-LGBT, but they generally know that doing such a stunt would be political suicide. LGBT rights were admittedly a thorny issue going into the 2016 election, likely due to same-sex marriage only having been legalized throughout the country via a Supreme Court ruling the previous year; however, the president cannot unilaterally override a Supreme Court decision, and even the more conservative justices appointed by Trump during his term are highly unlikely to strike down the earlier ruling, as the court historically has refrained from making decisions which deprive large groups of individuals of their rights, due to such decisions (relating to African-Americans and slavery) in the early-mid 19th century being seen as a major cause of the American Civil War.
Although he's released conflicting statements on the matter, Trump expressed some progressive ideas regarding transgender issues, at least prior to being first elected president. Chris is aware of this but still refuses to give Trump credit, saying he is "most offensive to us in the LGBTQ communities, regardless of his Transgender bathroom choice statement".[16] In any case, the only major anti-LGBT policy Trump implemented during his first term was barring transgender people from serving in the military (which was reversed almost immediately after he left office), so LGBT people did not simply poof out nor were imprisoned or executed the moment Trump was inaugurated as Chris assumed. His second term was a different story, as on his inauguration day he signed an executive order specifying that the federal government would no longer recognize transgender individuals and that biological sex is fixed at conception and cannot be altered by any means. Whether or not this will stand up to any legal challenges remains uncertain given that a Supreme Court ruling near the end of Trump's first term extended the provisions of the Civil Rights Act to LGBT individuals, but so long as the Virginia state government continues to recognize transgender individuals it should have relatively little affect on Chris's day-to-day life.
Chris also criticized Pence, saying that "Pence is just as much Anti-LGBTQ and everything else that Trump is, so my feelings are the same with that rat bastard as well, very much".[16] His criticism of Pence, however, was a little more understandable, since he has indeed promoted anti-LGBT policies and is firmly against same-sex marriage, like many other Republicans. In fact, the aforementioned military transgender ban was his idea. For Trump's second term, Pence was replaced by J.D. Vance as Vice President-elect. Chris has not publicly expressed any opinion about him.
The tugboat
Trump was critical of welfare in the past and throughout his campaign.[18] Should he find Congress agreeable, one of his aims could have been to pass legislation limiting welfare’s funding and availability. Chris was dimly cognizant of this and feared that he may end up finding his tugboat reduced or even completely taken away. Throughout Trump's term, Congress did not propose or pass any legislation on the matter, as such, Chris continues to receive his tugboat without any problems.
On 14 November, he stated:[19]
they would drain money from SSI, making my mother and I closer to broke.
In truth, what makes Chris and Barb closer to broke is themselves. Given the rapid decline in their finances, he was hoping Hillary Clinton's policies would increase his tugboat revenue,
if not bail the Chandlers out entirely.
Chris has adamantly refused to budge on his anti-Trump positions. On 20 November, after radio silence following Lizzy the Lezzy readers and his Facebook friends criticizing him for his repeated death wishes, he said, "there is Nothing, nor any amount of time or whatever else, that would make it the cold day in the earth's core to Ever make me have even a remote inkling of a mystery wrapped in a riddle inside an enigma of any change of feeling or heart of mine about Trump ever".[16]
Chris's news sources
On Facebook, Chris routinely browses pages on LGBTQ culture, such as Lizzy the Lezzy. In the wake of the 2016 election, many of those pages became inundated with articles written with a clear anti-Trump angle. Chris forms and reinforces his opinions on Trump based on those articles, rating many of them "Angry".[20]
It's likely that Chris simply skims headlines or opening paragraphs without taking the time to read the articles. The second example was taken one hour after Chris posted to a Lizzy the Lezzy comments section;[20] given that he was also busy with responding to its readers, it is impossible for him to have thoroughly read the articles. That Chris can't be bothered to learn more about the issues he apparently feels so seized with emotion over is emblematic of his arrogance, stupidity, and laziness. Chris refuses to even try to understand the issues at hand and so his understanding of Trump and American politics is consequently abysmal.
Chris has also cited an episode of The Simpsons as one of his major sources for being anti-Trump,[14] which is appropriate considering one of the ways he wastes his time in lieu of acting like a functional adult.
Anti-Trump petitions
Chris signed several online petitions in an effort to prevent Trump from assuming the presidency.
A petition opposing the "anti-LGBTQ Russell Amendment"
On January 20, Donald Trump and Mike Pence are going to enter the White House.
They campaigned on a platform of hatred, bigotry, racism, misogyny, and xenophobia...
...[The Russell Amendment] would reverse existing nondiscrimination protections for 28 million people in the federal contracting workforce. That means employers could fire someone or refuse to give them a job because they have a same-sex partner, use birth control, are single mothers, are transgender, or even simply don’t practice the same religion as their employer.
Of course, Chris supported this petition—probably because it disparages Trump and references the transgender community. It's unlikely he actually read or understood its contents.
A petition calling on the Electoral College to disregard the election and install Hillary Clinton into the presidency
Chris also signed this petition, in the hopes that on December 19, 2016, the Electoral College would "ignore" the results of the 2016 Presidential election since Clinton won the popular vote. This did not happen.
Death threats
Chris, wishing for Donald Trump's death.
Chris's hatred of Trump is so great that he made four videos of himself role-playing acts of violence on him with Transformers, My Little Pony and Lego toys, with two of those occurring before the election,[21][1] including one where he destroyed a Transformers toy, further showing his lack of financial sense.
Timeline
On November 9, 2016, Chris began making several enraged death threats against the then President-elect. He continued his tirade in the following days, adding Vice President Mike Pence to his death prayers the next day, in spite of the possibility that it could land him in serious legal trouble. According to United States code, a threat against the President is punishable by a fine and/or a maximum of five years in prison.
Chris has gotten himself into legal trouble multiple times in the past, to the point that he has six misdemeanors on his record, with four of those stemming from assault crimes. He is also having financial trouble. Despite Chris' repeated calls for Trump and Pence to die, they made it unscathed through their four-year terms.
Given that Chris's address is public knowledge, the possibility of the Secret Service visiting and interrogating him for his threats and then either agents or Barb forcing him to not divulge anything should not be ruled out and could be the reason why he eventually stopped making threats.
Trump and Pence depicted being murdered in Lego form by Chris, part of a line of his perceived enemies who have been the subject of his voodoo-magic revenge fantasies.
2016
9 November
3:28 am - Chris posts on Facebook that he wants someone to assassinate Trump with a sniper rifle. Chris's Twitter account automatically tweets the post.[22] Throughout the day, many high-profile Twitter users retweet the post. Several Twitter users say that they reported him to the FBI and Secret Service.[23]
3:39 am - Chris uploads a YouTube video depicting him smashing a Transformers toy in effigy of Trump, while screaming "die!"
3:40 am - Chris posts on Facebook again. He links to the YouTube video and says Trump "should Die now" before taking office. The post is also tweeted by his Twitter account.
5:15 am - The "sniper rifle" death threat disappears from Facebook.[22]
8:30 am - An Infowars.com article, featuring Chris's death threat in tweet form, is published.
11 pm - The same threat disappears from Twitter.[22]
10 November
4:07 am - Chris tweets the Infowars article.[24]
4:23 am - Chris tweets that he wants his audience to join him in wishing death to the then President-elect Trump before January 2017.[25]
6:53 pm - Chris again tweets to pray for Trump's death. He also prays for then Vice President-elect Mike Pence's death. He then links to a petition from Credo Action, concerning the "anti-LGBTQ Russell Amendment".[26]
13 November
2:06 am - Chris uploads a YouTube video in which he uses Legos to role-play Mike Pence murdering Trump and getting arrested. He then holds up a sheet of paper, with the handwritten words (backwards and facing himself):
(Before January 2017) Die, Trump, die, or by illness, by Mike Pence's hand.
2:36 am - Chris posts on Facebook about being annoyed by leftover Trump/Pence campaign signs. It is unknown whether or not Chris will take down the signs himself.
5:06 am - Chris posts on Facebook, linking to the Infowars article. He then tries to justify his behavior by saying, "I'm not the only one who wants him dead".
9:17 pm - Chris posts to the Lizzy the Lezzy comment section, asking the readers to pray for Trump and Pence's deaths "before Thanksgiving". Many people respond, trying to talk sense into him, to no avail.
14 November
12:53 pm - Chris posts a picture to Facebook depicting Lego versions of Trump and Pence being executed by hanging, while handcuffed.[27] The text on the photo reads:
Die, Trump, Die. Die, Pence, Die.
We do not want either of you in office; jail for you both is unlikely; We, the LGBTQ community, do not want to lose our protection and rights
1:16 pm - Chris follows up by commenting that, since prison is "unlikely" and impeachment is "difficult" then "Death upon those two before January, 2017, at this time and point is a necessary evil".
3:07 pm - Chris posts, saying "Trump is Not president, mayor, or Anything in Cwcville".
7:30 pm - The execution-by-hanging post, and the associated comments, disappears from Facebook.[27]
15 November
10:44 pm - Chris announces Facebook had temporarily banned him from posting for a week.
20 November
5:00 am - Chris, in a 22-tweet long rant, makes several childish insults and says he had given his "issues and feelings of Trump some thought". He claims that they are "justified". He ends his rant by complaining about Twitter's 140-character limit.[16]
2 December
Playing God.
5:51 pm - Chris uploads Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained. He role-plays Trump, Pence and Clinton using LEGO:
So advocate the office, Trump! Advocate the position. And then maybe I'll take you down off of that noose.
29 December
1:11 am - Chris returns to posting death threats against Donald Trump on Facebook. In response to an article on Trump and the First Amendment Defense Act, Chris commented, "ADVOCATE THE OFFICE, TRUMP, or Die, Trump, Die!!!"
1:43 am - Chris posts a puzzler for Trump. He asks Trump to consider a scenario wherein there is an alternate reality where everyone is gender-flipped and an "Anti-Straight Law" is proposed. He asks if Trump would support a law that is against the "Donald Trump(ette)" of that world.He ends by threatening Trump again: "#DonaldTrump, Advocate the Office and let Hillary Clinton run this country, For the Love of Religion, and for any shred of Self-Love you have for yourself. Or die from yours or someone else's hand."
Chris later proofread both posts, editing advocate to abdicate. However, he did not tone down the death threats.
2017
4 January
8:34 am - Chris tweets the link for his puzzler to Trump's Twitter account, with the death threat still intact.[28]
6:03 pm - For the second time, Chris tweets his puzzler to Trump.[29]
20 January
10:54 pm - Chris reacts to news on the inauguration of President Trump on YouTube, Facebook and Twitter. He insists that the USA has no President or Vice President, taking the "#NotMyPresident" hashtag a step further by stating that he will see "an empty chair with no audible speech whatsoever". To cap it off, he says his mind will not be changed until either Trump and Pence leave voluntarily or they "are both deceased".
Chris on his death threats
Chris has attempted to rationalize his constant calls for Trump and Pence's deaths and to reconcile his violent attitude with him being "bothered" that he has to "resort to death wishing on Anyone".[19]
After Chris suggested to the readers of Lizzy the Lezzy (an LGBTQ Facebook page) to wish death on Trump and Pence, they instead criticized him for saying such "stupid" things.
One person said, "wishing death on people you don't like doesn't exactly make you look like a better person in comparison". Chris replied by saying that, with Trump and Pence in office, it would then be difficult to "impeach them and get Hillary in".[17]
Chris has shifted on how he wants Trump to die. Upon learning of the election results, he wanted someone to kill Trump with "a sniper rifle".[22] The next day, he asked God to do it.[25] Days later, he wanted Mike Pence to murder him.[30] He also believed it was possible that Trump will die from old age before inauguration day,[30] and that Clinton would not, since "Men die earlier than women".[17] Inexplicably, Chris also wants "science" to kill Trump.[16]
Chris has considered the notion of Trump and Pence going to prison, but has concluded that "Prison is unlikely for them, how difficult impeachment is, what other option is there?" He believes Trump should be jailed "for all of his sexual assaults and rape on women".[19]
He would prefer for Trump and Pence to simply hand over their democratically-elected positions, saying to "give the role of President, with most civil grace to Hillary Clinton. And since that is most bloody unlikely of Trump, ever, I am still most pained to continue having to pray for Trump's and Pence's Deaths to happen Before January 2017, by someone else's hands or illness".[16] Chris further demonstrated his lack of political understanding in a post on 4 December, in which he said that Trump should "advocate the position, and take Pence with him, and let Hillary be President, as it should Very Well Be".[31] Chris likely has the word advocate confused with abdicate, which is a term he might have heard in British TV shows - it's a term typically used in reference to a monarchy.
Due to his stubbornness, Chris has refused to budge from his anti-Pmurt positions, even after Lizzy the Lezzy's readers and his Facebook friends criticized him for his repeated death threats. On 20 November, he stated, "I have given my issues and feelings of Trump some thought. They are justified", followed by saying, "As much as I would like to choose to be rednecked and stubborn enough to plead complete ignorance and utter denial of him and Pence not only on the verge of taking office, there is still too many damn visuals about the bastards that plain further frustrate and upset me".[16]
Unfortunately for Chris, he simply forms his opinions via skimming clickbait articles whose authors are inclined to disagree with Trump. Due to his untreated autism, he hasn't attempted to do any research of his own on what Trump and Pence have said and done. Instead, he opts to live on in willful ignorance, putting no effort into enriching himself with knowledge and getting fanatically emotional about matters he barely understands. It's to the point that he believed "Death upon [Trump and Pence] before January 2017, at this time and point [was] a necessary evil".[19].
2024 election
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
“
Why did y'all vote for him? Other than just in spite of me, when I was promoting Kamala...
”
Chris, 14 March 2025[32]
The changed banner on the CWCki front page just after Pmurt's re-election in 2024.
6 November
8:53 am - In a Bluesky post, Chris expressed his disappointment in the results of the election, stating:
I feel VEERRRY Disappointed in most of America now, and especially in that number of Men and their self-inflated egos and testosterone.
7 November
10:47 am - In another BlueSky post, Chris is shocked when Caitlyn Jenner, a noted transgender celebrity, endorsed Pmurt in the election. He posts an accompanying screenshot showing that he blocked her on Twitter, despite claiming to use exclusively BlueSky only the day before.
Gallery
Drawn for the Help send Chris-Chan to Everfree NW fundraiser.
Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime fighting Pmurt and Elon.
Fan videos
Donald Trump wants you to take down that ED page
Click to load content
Direct link
Youtube, archive
Stardate
8 September 2023
Made By
AI Christian & The Hedgehog Boys
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
See also
Chris and politics
Chris and English
Death threats
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt
↑ November 2016 Facebook posts#Chris and Barb vote for Hillary
↑ OfficialCWCmart Jail Art#"Prideful Interview With God", dated_06/19/2022
↑ OfficialCWCmart Jail Art#"Akashic Record Zone Act 1∞∞ (One Infinity Squared)", dated 11/12/2022
↑ CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!
↑ To Clyde Gregg
↑ Exposing Jeff
↑ U8C43P2A37A8 y U8C1N023V0L
↑ Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis
↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 10.3 Misc texts#Anti-Pmurt
↑ The Real List of Trump's "Unprecedented Steps" for the LGBTQ Community
↑ 12.0 12.1 Update 02/16/2016
↑ July 2016 Facebook posts#Christine's Driver's License and Woman's Card
↑ 14.0 14.1 14.2 14.3 September 2016 Facebook posts#Registered to vote
↑ 15.0 15.1 September 2016 Facebook posts#"Thoughts" on the debate
↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 16.3 16.4 16.5 16.6 16.7 16.8 2009-2016 tweets#I have given my issues and feelings of Trump some thought. They are justified...
↑ 17.0 17.1 17.2 November 2016 Facebook posts#Hate and fear of Trump and Pence
↑ http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Donald_Trump_Welfare_+_Poverty.htm
↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 November 2016 Facebook posts#Lego Trump and Pence hanged at the gallows
↑ 20.0 20.1 November 2016 Facebook posts#Notable reacts
↑ September 2016 Paid Video Requests#Paid Message to the Trolls
↑ 22.0 22.1 22.2 22.3 November 2016 Facebook posts#Chris wants Trump assassinated
↑ http://archive.is/bHnGQ
↑ 2009-2016 tweets#10 November 2016.1
↑ 25.0 25.1 2009-2016 tweets#10 November 2016.2
↑ 2009-2016 tweets#10 November 2016.3
↑ 27.0 27.1 November 2016 Facebook posts#Lego Trump and Pence hanged at the gallows
↑ 2009-2016 tweets#Tweeting a death threat to Trump
↑ 2009-2016 tweets#Tweeting a death threat to Trump again
↑ 30.0 30.1 Feelings of the election results
↑ December 2016 Facebook posts#Pmurt should advocate the presidency
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Run
External links
The White House
Pmurt Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Pmurt
Transformers
Christine Doll
LEGO
Oh, Wait. I've got one more...
Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt
Eid, Pmurt, Eid
Feelings of the election results
The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge
The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever
Down with tyranny; rally in Hawaii
Political Videos
Christian Weston Chandler Interview |
Chris Chan Q&A 27 October 2008 |
Rollin' and Trollin' |
A Public Announcement for Congress |
Re-Calling Ahuvia |
$50 for a video holiday greeting! |
Update 02/16/2016 |
Paid Message to the Trolls |
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... |
Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt |
Eid, Pmurt, Eid |
Feelings of the election results |
The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge |
Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained |
The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever. |
Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017 |
React to SNL 41-4 Darn Ol' Tramp 45 |
React part 2 |
Live Game Stream - C-Log 050032017-2 |
Get Out, You D*** Nazis! |
Smashing |
Down with tyranny; rally in Hawaii‎‎ |
Jesus Christ Chan Reacting to Presidential Debate 2024 |
Jesus Christ Chan Reacting to Presidential Elections 2024
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Pmurt&oldid=350214"