Title: Randy Stair
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Chris_channels_Randy
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Watchmen Saga, Leaked videos, People, Dead, Millennial Generation
================================================================================

Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
So rad.
Randy Stair, also known as his Ghostsona Andrew Blaze (17 September 1992 – 8 June 2017), was a YouTuber who eventually became a mass shooter. Much like Chris, Randy believed in the existence of fictional characters and an alternate reality in which he was worshipped as a God, only his interests in OCs were tied to the animated television series Danny Phantom. Randy's escapist fantasies, however, were more unsettling in nature than just hoping to find a boyfriend-free girl: instead of seeing himself as a role model and a hero to his hometown, Randy's fictional counterpart and fantasy world involved his OCs – known as Ember's Ghost Squad – going on killing sprees with him after he took interest in the Columbine massacre. Eventually, Randy would act out his violent fantasies in real life and shot and killed three people at the supermarket that he worked at before committing suicide.[1]
In November 2020, Chris became interested in Randy's story after learning about him from a documentary on YouTube by The WCT,[1] possibly relating to Randy due to his dimensional ideas, and him having a hatred towards men and becoming aware of his desire to live as a woman (he once mentioned that he felt his real name was "Rachel" after one of his OCs, although he never made an effort to transition due to his belief that he would become a ghost girl upon death). Chris mentioned Randy's Andrew persona by name a day after recording a video talking about him,[2] and later brought him up on other occasions. Chris spoke about Randy in a positive light, most likely because Randy's own delusions about fictional characters being real in another dimension validated his own continued dissociation with reality, and subsequently downplayed the nature of his crimes, noting that Stair "made [his] mark" by killing three people before dying.
While talking with The WCT, Chris explained that he viewed Randy as a guardian figure, a notion which WCT played along with. When The WCT informed Chris of Jacob Sockness's plot to attend Everfree Northwest and meet Chris, Chris turned to role-playing a fantasy scenario on stopping Sockness. Chris claimed that "Randy and the Ghost Squad are working to break through the horde of demons around [Sockness]'s apartment building" and that The WCT could assist them spiritually. When Chris, upset about the My Little Pony: Make Your Mark reboot, role-played about a battle between angels and demons over the children's cartoon being produced, The WCT claimed to have communicated with Randy and that Randy also has a disdain for the rebooted My Little Pony.[3]
In April 2025, TheGamerFromMars released snippets of Chris's jail journal after he had gained exclusive access to it, revealing that Chris roleplayed being spiritually possessed by Ember McLain (which Chris repeatedly misspelled as "Ember McLaine") in September and October 2021.[4]
Contents
1 Chris channels Randy
1.1 Transcript
1.1.1 "Sonichu's" introduction
1.1.2 "Randy" speaks
1.1.3 "Randy" just starts rambling about the Merge
1.1.4 "Sonichu's" conclusion
2 Other comments
3 Similarities to Chris
4 See also
5 Notes
6 References
Chris channels Randy
A leaked audio recording from 6 November 2020, originally titled Myrec_20-11-06_at_13:52:19.m4a, which Chris uploaded to his Google Drive[5] and sent to The WCT (referred to here as 'Neko' and 'WildCat'), involves Chris "channeling" the spirit of Randy Stair possessing his Ghostsona, the transgender Andrew Blaze. Chris explained that he channeled Randy because "Andrew and her ghost squadron are able to help and do their part in the events of the Dimension Merge, especially now that I was able to help her get a post-death message out."[1]
Chris doesn't bother changing his voice while imitating Randy, nor does he use any of Randy's terminology while being "possessed".[note 1] He seems to make the excuse that the possession is why he just still sounds like Chris, claiming: "When you possess somebody else's body, you gotta work within their vocabulary and their limitations, and whatever."
"Randy", in true Chris-Chan fashion, blames his decision to commit a massacre on "mental handicaps" – though the real Randy did not have a significant history with disabilities or mental illness prior to his downward spiral and violent end – before immediately justifying the murders as his attempt to recruit new members for Ember's Ghost Squad before meeting them in the next world. "Randy" then explains that, after he killed himself and wound up in Limbo, Ember escorted him into the "Dead World" before he ran into several celebrities and Beetlejuice.
After a certain point, he rambles about the Merge in a very Chris-like fashion. He points out that, due to the Dimensional Merge, the souls of those that recently died would instead merge with their OCs instead of joining the ranks of the dead, and mentioned that like Chris, he also knew of Dimension C-197 and apparently had psychic visions before merging with his Andrew Blaze counterpart in the afterlife, going against the lore he had immediately set up moments earlier. "Randy" explained that ghosts were helping Chris's Godsona at the Temple in preparation for what was to come.
"Randy" then reminisces about older videos and laughs maniacally, then praises The WCT for chronicling his life and leaving things back in "Sonichu's" hands.
Chris Chan Channels Randy Stair
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
6 November 2020
Performance Style
Crazy Crazy
Other
Leaked Leaked Audio Audio
Transcript
"Sonichu's" introduction
[Loud sounds of paper crinkling.]
Chris (as Sonichu): Hey, Neko, it's Sonichu here. I'm doing this audio recording for you because... I got a valuable friend here who has a very important message for you. She came all the way from the... netherworld, the... pretty much the ghost world.
She's been- she just- she just watched all your videos about her. You know. And she just appreciates you very much on having been a fan and understanding what she was going through... and just... and she really appreciates you going on about her EGS series as well. So. Anyway. She's in this body with me, so I'm gonna let her speak now. This is Randy Stair... Andrew Blaze.
[There is a long silence.]
"Randy" speaks
Chris (as Randy): Yo, WildCat. So rad. I'm in the body of Chris Chan here. I mean, this is not as cool as rocking with Ember every single time, but you know, whatevs. But hey, I've been living... three years gone from this world. You would say that that's just too long for anyone, right? I know. But at least you got the message I was going for. I mean, shoot, people been getting injured or dying around me all my life. So, how else was I to react with my... mental handicaps and everything?
But, yeah I came out totally woman and everything. I mean, yeah, the transition was definitely genuine with me. I just didn't go for the bottom. I mean, didn't have enough time to do
that anyway, all things considered. (Stress sigh)
But yeah, message what- message from that... mass suicide, murder thing I did that time
was essentially just, you know me recruiting for my EGS - for my ghost squad. I mean, Ember was already in with me and I needed it, and I was in, so...
Also, my other guys, might flog [?] The way up- I managed to get in a year later. Not everything got chronicled as well within my series, but my time on Earth was limited. I'll tell ya what, moving on to the... ghost realm as I did... I mean, it was quite a thing. I mean, shoot... kill myself, and... I went into limbo, and I didn't last long in limbo, because Ember found me there and she brought me to... the dead world, y'know.
I haven't met so many celebrities, and y'know, they saw the creepy guys and whatnot, even Beetlejuice. Quite a decent bunch of creeps and ghouls and other individuals who just... We're stuck in this pr- this is essentially limbo, I mean, if we're not reborn into another body or whatever, this is where we end up. Pretty righteous.
"Randy" just starts rambling about the Merge
Oh, but yes, particularly ending up in someone else's bodies. [Long pause. Chris makes a strange sniffing sound.] Pardon me.
But yeah, everybody who's been dying within the past few months or so has definitely been ending up in their respective counterpart's bodies in the opposite dimension. The Merge is happening, just as Chris Chan and Sonichu and Magi-Chan has- have been saying, and we- and we in the ghost world have been just witnessing all the ghostses not stopping into the limbo, just going into the other dimension.
And I have seen into... Dimension C-197 while I was alive as well, not just the dead world. Y'know. I mean, I had my share of righteous visions into other dimensions and whatnot. And that's borrowing from the dialogue that's in this brain! I mean, that's the thing: when you possess somebody else's body, you gotta work within their vocabulary and their limitations, and whatever.
But still, it's me. Randy's- Randy Stair. And you can tell by the way I'm talkin' here. I mean, I definitely found myself after I passed on, obviously. And I'm- I'm happy. I'm doing good. We're all good at the Ghost Squad here. Hey, I ended up making my own OC that ends up that was literally in existence in the Ghost Squad, and - Whoop! - There I am, in my counterpart's body. The ghost was my-
The ghost was me! Andrew Bl- This was my OC! And I made it! I made it to Andrew Blaze's body. So, you could say I was definitely one of the earlier noted examples of somebody coming from 1218 into C-197. Or- Or in this case, the ghost dimension in between our two dimensions!
Which, that's just far out. Anyway. The Merge is gonna happen, and Chris Chan's powers and abilities are genuine. She's even got a whole bunch of other ghosts and spirits helping her out as well. It's real chill group around here at this temple- this house. You call this house a temple? Huh. Well, I guess it is true. This is- it's sort of temple-like.
But yeah. My brain was just all over the place when I was alive. But, I found my place where I am. And I made my mark with Ember's Ghost Squad. As much as I did. And all the other videos I did over the years. Oh, the squeaky voice video. Me singing Jingle Bells, and I was doing Fred. [Chris laughs in his normal voice, then switches to an extremely disturbing high-pitched laugh for a few seconds.]
Oh, that was so funny. [He chuckles.] Oh, but I do go on. And WildCat, thank you. Thank you so much for chronicling as much of my life as possible, with everything that I've talked about and I uploaded onto the internet. You rock, dude. You stay awesome. You're gonna be alive for a very, very long time, man. Alright.
Talk to you another time. Or maybe I'll come visit you- where are you? Oh, you're in California.[note 2] Sweet. Maybe I'll come visit is- Maybe I'll come visit remember- when we're in the group- we're on tour or something, alright?
Anyway, take care! Thank you.
"Sonichu's" conclusion
[A very long pause. Chris can be heard sighing.]
Chris (as Sonichu): Mm. Oh. Well, she's definitely satisfied. [Chris laughs.] Well, there you go, Randy. Thank you for sharing your message, and WildCat and Neko - at least you got to listen to that. So, I mean, it's not necessarily an interview with Randy herself, but you might get to talk with her in person yet, but, that'll do for now, I suppose. Alright. Talk to you later, d- Neko. Thanks a lot.
Other comments
Chris commented on a video created by The WCT on 15 June 2021:[7]
I will also personally contribute that Miss Andrew Blaze and I have interdimensionally conversed from time to time. Despite her aggressive mindset, I still very much appreciate her present day role with the EGS in the spirit realm. I will also state fact, as I have time and again about myself as well: Andrew and I both have had interdimensional communications and relations through the veil into the C-197 half of our total universe, and then some in regard to the Spiritual Realms. Andrew knew her destiny and fulfilled her prophecy in the 1218 half, here, and she knew her time and energy was needed moreso in the spirit realms.
Similar, yet differing, I have done the same over the years in C-197, the spirit realms, Equestria, the D&D universe of CS-89, the GO! universe of CZ-69, and so on into the multiverses. But unlike Andrew, my body is immortal, and death is not required at all unto me and what I am doing and will need to do. Andrew and I are two examples of fully interdimensionally awakened individuals. Also, to note, Andy Warhol, as well, back in his days here, was also an interdimensionally awakened individual, but he did not fully comprehend his situation and abilities at the time. He remained clear-minded and focus- lacking, yet he did know from his subconscious and unconscious that had seeped into his conscious and into his words and actions that have foreshadowed and foreseen the number of events here since as early as the year I was born in this body in 1982.
Andrew and Andy were amongst the pioneers, and I am a literal Goddess who had transcended and pioneered within and around their blazing trails (pun unintended, but observed), among the number of others of whom I have personally recognized and acknowledge amongst the author, artist, actor and voice actor communities.
Andrew has continued to do very good and honest work with her crew, and so her legacy is continued on. And after the veil is totally gone, Andrew would delight in meeting her fans on kind intentions. She is grateful and humbled, as she had told me earlier. So, it is very much appropriate and well for not just Andrew, Andy and I to be greater appreciated during these times.
Lots of love for all of you; be safe and well. And Wildcat, you know to stay as awesome and powerful as you are. You Rock, too.
In the Goddess Log, and in an entry apparently dated September 2021, Chris role-played about being Ember:
Hello, 1218 Earth! Your lovely ghost of Rock and Roll has arrived! It's your girl of flames on the scene telling you all the haps! On my redemption tour, you know me; You Remember My Name! It's me, Ember McLaine
Similarities to Chris
Perhaps one of the most ironic parts of Chris's connection to Randy Stair is that the two have several disturbing traits in common. This is not to say that Chris is going to become another Randy Stair.
Both have committed serious felonies.
Both believed that their fictional characters are a reality in another dimension.
Both believed they're goddesses in fictional dimensions they made up.
Both have had fictional conversations with their OCs online through alt accounts.
Both have both talked positively of specific mass murderers.
Both were YouTubers with a mild following before committing their worst crimes.
See also
Randy Stair discussion
Saw
Notes
↑ For instance, he refers to the afterlife presented in Danny Phantom as the "Dead World" and not the "Ghost Zone", showing that Chris didn't do basic research ahead of this particular LARP.
↑ As far as we can tell, this is actually true.[6]
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Randy Stair discussion
↑ November 2020 social media posts#Dimensional merge stuff
↑ WCT DMs#Role-playing to cope with MLP cartoon
↑ Goddess Log
↑ File:Myrec 20-11-06 at 13-52-19 properties.png
↑ "The WCT" (archived). EGS Reupload Wiki.
↑ List of Chris's comments on YouTube#Has Randy Stair gotten more popular since his death?
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
v • d • e
Chris's leaked videos
2000s
For Julie's Eyes Only • Barb almost goes off • A CWC Audition • April 16 Fetish Vids • Power • CWCFlyingElephants • CWC "Boyfriend" Leaked Edition • Chris Humps His PS3 • Chris Chan creepy smile • THAT IS MY HOUSE (Director's Cut)
2010s
For J-R's Eyes Only • The MovingFoward videos • It Is Finished • Outdoors workout • You're Always Pretty • JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication • Cwcsicle • Call Bobby Chandler • Bob's got Cancer • Catch A Wild Snorlax Plus Update on Bob • Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins • Get in touch with Bobby C • Bob Call 6 • Message for John Kyle • A few kicks • Chris's Specimen Sample • Women Only Need Apply - No STD's • Tour of Chris's House III • Chris apologizes to Gwen • Chris slaps himself • Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture‎ • All Star • Chris Kisses Cryzel • Chris lost Crystal
2020s
Taser Discussion • Chris Kisses Rosechu • Chris's Last Will and Testament • Chris channels Randy Stair • Fiona Facetime Videos • Waltah White Calls
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Randy_Stair&oldid=348527#Chris_channels_Randy"