Title: Regina e-mails
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Regina_e-mails
Categories: E-mails, Politics
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
What Chris probably believed Regina looked like
In the Regina e-mails, Chris comments on the economic recession.
Regina Novakova was a Czech student studying abroad at UVA. She had her father's help to purchase Chris's Guitar Hero guitars online over eBay and the two soon began communication regarding the transaction.
Unfortunately for Regina, Chris characteristically presumed she was romantically interested in him, and tried to pursue a relationship. However, the tone eventually shifted and Chris relapsed into his usual lazy self and discontinued all contact.
These emails take place from 25 September to early October 2009, right around the time Snorlax was thought to be battling AIDS, and also in the midst of the whole Gregg Mays thing.
Contents
1 Correspondence
1.1 First contact
1.2 Addendum to first contact
1.3 Regina appears
1.4 Chris the philosopher
1.5 About Regina
1.6 Still selling?
1.7 Tiny hints of creepiness
1.8 Slightly larger hints of creepiness
1.9 More about Regina
1.10 Chris rambles about himself
1.11 Regina tries to make sense of all that
1.12 Random-access humor demonstration
1.13 Regina tries to make sense of all that bullshit
1.14 Chris rambles like a motherfucker
1.15 Regina drops some hints
1.16 Nazi joke
1.17 The meeting arranged
1.18 Subtlety is wasted on Chris
1.19 He kicks autistics and isn't afraid of anything
1.20 Oh the guitars are good too
1.21 Chris totally hates Gregg Mays
1.22 Outrage
1.23 Absence
1.24 We cool
1.25 The many faces of Gregg
1.26 Chris explains YouTube madness
1.27 Insane people in malls
1.28 Chris believes the trolls are jealous of him
1.29 Philosophy reading
1.30 The sooner the better
1.31 Questions about America
1.32 Wikipedia: The answer to everything
1.33 Regina is just full of questions
1.34 Chris babbles about costumes, politics, and dreams
1.35 Regina can't make it
1.36 Chris answers a bunch of questions, is still a virgin
1.37 Regina is asexual, asks about loads of random stuff
1.38 Chris wants sex, played football with girls
1.39 Regina confirms asexuality
1.40 Chris weasels out of a job that is handed to him without reservation
1.41 Regina tried to get it through his damn dirty skull
1.42 Chris mad
1.43 Further attempts from Regina to offer a dream job
1.44 Regina resumes contact...
1.45 And opens the floodgates of boring conversation
1.46 Regina dodges the would-be gropefest...
1.47 And gets even more bored with answers to questions nobody asked
1.48 Regina tries to be helpful
1.49 Chris promptly tries to get others to do the work for him
1.50 Chris is afraid of a little rain
1.51 ???
1.52 Chris still doesn't really give a shit if people aren't doing something for him
1.53 Some helpful advice that promptly gets ignored
2 References
Correspondence
First contact
My name is Christian Weston Chandler. I was just in touch with your father, Walter Kovacs, and he has informed me that I will be exchanging the business of him buying the two Guitars from me on eBay with you. The total amount due is 110.99, cash only if picking up in person, please. He was unsure of your phone number, if you have one, but if you have one, you may call me back at 434-760-0848.
What is your name, if I may ask? And he says you are going to a university here in Virginia; are you going to UVA in Charlottesville?
I await your call or reply.
Have a nice day.
Stay Safe,
Christian W. Chandler.
Addendum to first contact
Upon personal pick-up, the total without shipping is 91.99
Regina appears
Hey!!!!
You caught me at the perfect time!! I was just checking my emails before going out!
Yeah, he doesn't know my phone number cause I don't have one yet :( I just moved here from the Czech republic as a foreign student and I haven't got a cell phone yet. We've been communicating by Skype. It's a nightmare!!!! I want to get a contract but I have to get all this extra visa stuff sorted out!
I am totally going to UVA! BA in philosophy! It looks hard but I am up to the challenge.
My name is Regina by the way. I see from your email that your name is Christian! That's totally cool cause my brother's name is Christian. But in Czech we spell it Kristian.
So I'll get my dad to wire me the money. I am pretty busy sorting out official stuff and meeting new people. Is it possible we can set up a meet in a week or so? Is that too late? I really hope not! Thanks by the way!!!!
If I can get this cell nightmare worked out I will send you the number ASAP!!
Have a great day!!!!!
Regina
Chris the philosopher
Chris attached this image. It may as well have served as a warning.
It is nice to make your acquaintance, Regina. A meeting in a week is good. It is so cool you are going to UVA, because it is only about half to a full hour from my house in Ruckersville, North of UVA up 29.
I have talked on Skype before, it can be a pain sometimes with miscommunications and the fees to call a phone number sometimes. At least it is one way to be in talking touch.
I went to Piedmont Virginia Community College, where I got an Associates Degree and a Certificate in Computer Aided Drafting and Design in 2006. I would use the computer program to design 3D rendered models of mechanical parts and buildings. I even finished my final CADD class with a bang designing a Whole Shopping Mall, Two Stories and a Mayor's Office on the second floor looking over the front entrance. It is huge. :)
I sometimes have philosophical thoughts, although I'm not all that knowledgeable in philosophy, perhaps you can inform me about it, even as your own review for your tests/exams.
I look forward to talking with you more and meeting you. Please tell me more about yourself in your next message, and I will tell you more as well. Also, I've attached a current photo of myself to this e-mail.
TTYL. :)
Stay Safe,
Chris.
About Regina
About me? Well, I like running, video games and music. But I really don't have much time for them. I spent a lot of time working in my father's company in the past. He used to get me to help him with English. He is learning but he still isn't very good yet, as you might have noticed. But now I have come to America to study! I'm from Liberec in the Czech Republic, but me and my family moved to Prague when my father started his company. Have you ever been to Prague? It's amazing!
I know a lot about philosophy! I love it!!! I have studied it forever. I can't wait to learn more by going to university!
I never heard of CADD before, I had to look it up lol. Do you work as a designer or something?
Till later.
Na shledanou (That's Czech)
Regina.
Na shledanou means "Good bye."/"Until we meet again." (Moderately formal.)
Still selling?
Hey did you get my last email?
Haven't heard from you in a bit. Are you still going to sell me your guitar hero controllers? I was thinking of collecting them Monday the 5th, cause I have lots of free time then.
Let me know.
Yours,
Regina.
Tiny hints of creepiness
I apologize for not replying to you; I hadn't checked my e-mail over the weekend. The last e-mail I got from you was the one I last replied to. Did you get the picture I sent you? You may need to resend the last e-mail you said you sent.
Anyway, yes I still plan to sell you the guitars; Monday the 5th is good. We can meet up at the Barracks Road McDonalds at about 2 or 3 PM, and after the business, you and I can hang out for a while.
Tell me, do you live in one of the dormatries around the UVA, or do you have your own place? And I still would like to hear more about you.
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Chris.
Slightly larger hints of creepiness
Wow. :)
You learned english before your father, and you help him learn it, that is cool. What does he manufacture or do in his company? And how about your mother, does she still live with him? I have not been to Prague, but I'll look it up, and you can tell me more about it from your Point of View.
I am an avid designer, yes, yet it's kinda hard to get such a job around Charlottesville at the time. I am also an artist; I will be delighted to share with you my original drawings and other artworks.
Gmail is okay; I was in contact before with someone who had one; one or two pieces of e-mail get misplaced a bit, but we sorted out the miscommunications.
As for the McDonalds I was referring to, there is only one Barnes & Nobel Bookstore in Charlottesville; find it, and that McDonalds is nearby.
I'm currently living with my mother and father, but I too am looking forward to getting a place of my own, or sharin' a pad with my girlfriend (if I had one; I'm single). If things work out for you, I would be happy to be your roommate and help out.
A bit more info about myself, I'm 5'10", about average body type, my left eye is blue/right eye is green (I had pink eye in my right during High School, and my perscribed eyedrops changed its pigment), my hair is brown, my favorite color is blue/favorite shade is Crayola's "Battery-Charged Blue", I enjoyed reading R.L. Stein's "Goosebumps" and "Fear Street" books during my teenage years, my favorite movie of all time is "Mary Poppins", and my favorite food is Macaroni & Cheese.
I gtg, but I look forward to your next message and replying to it. :)
Stay Safe, and I'll TTYL,
Chris.
More about Regina
Yeah, my dad grew up under the Communist system. So he had to learn Russian because they didn't teach English back then. He does really well though. His company makes clay and ceramic tiles by the way. Among other things.
Prague is one of the greatest cities in the world! We call it the Paris of the East. I attached a picture I took from my graduation trip. For a party we took a boat trip on the Vltava and I took this picture of the castle. It was such an awesome day. There are so many things to see and do. It is quite possibly the best place in Europe. But it feels good to get away for a while.
That's too bad about the jobs. I guess this financial crisis makes it hard to find work. It must be hard to make ends meet. I guess not a lot of people are building things so it must be hard to work as a designer. Do you do like freelance stuff? Cause I guess that would be REALLY hard to find work.
I guess I can look that McDonalds up on google maps or something. I'll find it. I just don't know cause I never eat there. Barnes and Noble is a book store right?
You're looking for a place too? I'm trying to find a 2 bedroom apartment around UVA for around 800$. I'm not sure how realistic that is yet. Most of the people I know are staying with family to keep things cheap. I'm kinda lucky cause my dad can help out and I saved up a lot. I'm trying to convince some of my friends so if they turn me down, I'll let you know. Are you a tidy guy? Do you smoke? Do you like parties? I like to have the occasional party.
I guess I can tell you a bit more about me. I'm blond with brown eyes. I'm pretty short. Only 161 centimetres. I'm sorry cause I'm really not used to these American measurements yet so I don't know what that is in inches...
I have to admit, I have never heard of any of those books. I read a lot of Kafka. I didn't like him at first but I gradually grew to like him. He's Czech so we had to read a lot of his books in school. I've never heard of Mary Poppins. I don't really watch American movies. I like them but most of the films I watch are European. I've heard many things about macaroni and cheese. But I'm kind of hesitant to try it. American cheese scares me. I have a CRAZY love for PEANUT BUTTER though.
What's pinkeye?
Na shledanou!
Regina.
Approx. translation: "Good day!" Literal translation: "Until we meet again!"
Chris rambles about himself
To answer your questions, I consider myself a tidy person, I have never smoked, and I like parties (I'm a social drinker). Yet I'm willing to stay dry to be a desiginated driver.
I do a bit of freelance artwork, I was hoping to save this until when we met in person, but I am the original creator of the Electric-Hedgehog Pok'emon, Sonichu and Rosechu, and their city of Cwcville, VA. I have been internet famous for a few years, so I have fans and internet bullies. The main Official Websites for Sonichu and Rosechu are CWCipedia, Cwcipedia/CWC's Sonichu Site, and my Current YouTube account, "ChristianWChandler". Other similar websites that may be similar or calim to be "Official" are NOT. I am planning on getting paper-published soon, and there is no Official Merchandise available yet. I have all the original page drawings and my other original artworks here at my house.
And the Pinkeye, as stated on the "Pinkeye" article on Wikipedia, "Conjunctivitis (commonly called "pink eye" or "Madras eye") is an inflammation of the conjunctiva (the outermost layer of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelids), most commonly due to an allergic reaction or an infection (usually viral, but sometimes bacterial)."
Getting back to your last e-mail, clay and ceramic tiles, that is cool. I have a cousin who used to sell ceramic pieces and statues, but he gave that up to become the Sheriff of his hometown. My father is a retired Engineer from General Electric (GE); he also was the Designer of the controls of the Plastic-Molding Machines, so without him, you would not have the plastic on your PC's keyboard, or the plastic on the 2-Liter soda bottles.
I enjoyed the picture of the Vitava castle you sent me, thank you. :) I'm happy you were able to enjoy it.
Also, I just checked the math; at the rate of 2.5 cm = 1 inch, and 12 inches = 1 foot, 161 cm = 64.4 inches, whichs makes you about 5 feet, 4.4 inches. You're only just under 6 inches (15 cm) shorter than me.
Oh, and Barnes and Nobel IS a bookstore. Let me give you a directional piece, if you know where the interception of Ivy and Emmet is; down the road by UVA's "The Corner", passing by the road leading to the Alderman Library, ending by the Soccer Field and Tennis Courts. You go North on Emmet, and continue down until you see a Taco Bell on the left side, the McDonalds, Barnes & Nobel and the Barracks Road Shopping Center those are in are just beyond the Taco Bell. You also pass the John Paul Jones Arena on the way.
I may be able to help you on your apartment search. there is a website, http://www.craigslist.com, you go there, look up Virginia, then Charlottesville, then Apartments, they have listings from people who want to rent or sell apartments and other things.
You can look up Goosebumps and Fear Street at the libraries around town, under the "Young Adults" section, if you're looking for something new to read. I have read Franz Kafka a bit in High School; we read
"Metamorphasis". I enjoyed the comparisons between the busy salesman life he had, and what it would feel like to be a bug; so miniscule in life, with a lot of people stepping on you here and there.
Mostly, Macaroni and Cheese is made with Chedder, or sometimes it can be made with Swiss. And I enjoy the occasional peanut butter sandwich, it is a healthy choice. :)
Do you have a headshot photo of yourself you can share with me, please? I shared my headshot with you, and I would feel better if I can get a preview of your face. Also, I am 27 years old, how about you? And are you a bit of a drinker too?
I'm only curious. ;)
Stay Safe, and I'll TTYL, Chris.
Regina tries to make sense of all that
Ok, that's cool that you are tidy. If my friends don't pull through, I'll keep you in mind.
Ok, so I'm a bit confused. Pokemons are those Japanese card game things right? So you designed some characters for these cards or video games? That's pretty cool. Does sonichu or rosechu mean something in Japanese? This isn't my computer. It belongs to my aunt (she's the family member I'm living with) and she needs it for work a lot. So I will have to check out your portfolio site or whatever later.
Pinkeye sounds really gross.
Ok, thanks for the directions. I will see if I can get my friend to swing by with her car on Monday and we'll go pick them up. I don't think it will be a problem.
Thanks for the advice about Craigslist. I had already been checking it. I'm looking at a few possibilities.
Thanks for the book recommendations too, but I don't think I'll have time to check those out. I'll probably be too busy reading philosophy books for university. So you read Kafka? Only The Metamorphosis? My favourite from him is The Trial. Have you read it?
I tried one of these easy to make macaroni and cheese boxes last night. It was pretty horrible. I had to first get over the fact that the cheese was a powder, then I tried to eat it. I really didn't like it. My aunt eats it though. I just can't seem to get used to American cheese. Especially powdered. You don't make it like in Europe.
A headshot? Like for actors? I don't have any professional photos like that, but I can attach a normal one. I guess it makes sense cause you will have to recognise me. Here's a picture of me and my brother. This is from the last time we went camping.
I'm 20 years old. Which means I can't drink here. I like to have social drinks. In the Czech republic you can drink at 18. So It's really annoying. So sometimes I just drink with my friends at home when we can find someone who is old enough to get us a bottle of wine.
Talk soon I hope.
Na shledanou,
Regina.
Random-access humor demonstration
Thank you for your picture. You are soo cute and pretty. :)
FYI, Pokemon started as a video game on Nintendo Game Boy, then it became an anime, followed by the Trading Card Game. Sonichu and Rosechu are not japanese names, although the inspiration for "Sonichu" came from Sonic the Hedgehog's japanese name, "Soniku".
I will look up and read "The Trial", thank you for recommending it to me.
They have Macaroni and Cheese premade in the frozen food aisle of the grocery stores, I personally recommend the Marie Calandar brand; it is good, and it's inexpensive.
Maybe after you and I meet, I can come by your place and bring a spot of wine or something for you. ;)
I talked to my father about you a bit, and my father went on with his stories of Czechoslovakia; he's been a bit around the world, and he studies his atlases and maps. He informed me about what had happened there during the WWII and such. Clearify it for me and him, is the country split up like Czech and Slovak Republics, or is it still combined to Czechoslovakia?
Also, my father had some friends back in the late 1970s who were from Czechoslovakia; they had left there for America illegally, so they could never go back. Anyway, my dad and mom enjoyed conversing with them, and they all would also share the Slivovitch (Plum Brandy) they would bring over. He really enjoyed it, it came in this perfume bottle-shaped bottle with plums on the label. Locally, the closest place to find the Slivovitch, as far as my dad knows, is just north in Maryland.
You would likely have an enjoyable conversation of Czechoslovakia, or the Czech Republic, with him. I'm not all that knowledgeable in geography personally, but I can learn.
Another little something else about me, I can be funny; sometimes I'll think of something silly, witty or random that makes me and my family smile and/or laugh about. Like for example, I used to go on about people with Hippopotami on their heads. :D Or this man from Nantucket who had on his head a bucket. :D Even a Lawer named Tom Sawer who had a daughter named Sue. :D And recently a silly song line of a cow named Moo, "Hey there, Moo, wha'cha gonna do? Are you gonna give me some milk today? Moo. Moo." :D
And sometimes, I like to take words, spell them backwards and say them like that. My name, "Christian Weston Chandler" would be "Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc". Or your name, "Regina Kovacs" would be "Scavok Aniger". And sometimes, I take numbers and replace letters in words with them. 1 can be I, L or J. 2 can be Q, R, S, Z. 3 can be B, E, M, N or W. And so on for the other single digits; all it takes is a spot of imagination. I can spell my first name as CH2127143 from CHRISTIAN.
I'll stop for now, and I understand if you're feeling confused from the wordplay. But I can be quite creative and clever.
So our meeting is set then, Monday the 5th, 2:00 PM, at the Barracks Road McDonalds. We can get the guitar business done, then sit, talk and I'll be happy to treat you for lunch. I look forward to seeing you, and I feel this can be a good friendship. ;)
Stay Safe, and I'll TTYL,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
P.S.
BTW, "Na shledanou", is that Czech for "Love" or "Sincerely"?
Regina tries to make sense of all that bullshit
Hey thanks for the compliment! I think I am a little too thin though. It's not a very good pic though. I didn't bring my computer with me cause I need to buy a new one, so I saved most of my stuff on CDs before I came. That's the only one I could find of me. Somewhere around here I have pics from my graduation which are really cool but I don't know where.
So is this Soniku thing pretty profitable? I always wondered if people who design stuff for video games make a lot of money and if it is hard work or a lot of fun. Designing video games sounds like something that would be fun, but I have zero artistic talent and I don't think I could ever master all this digital design stuff. I just like playing them.
To be honest, I think I will steer clear of macaroni and cheese for the time being. American cheese in general isn't really appealing to me. It's all processed and everything. It doesn't seem like it would be all that good for you. But I don't really know. I'm just not a fan.
Wine is pretty good. I like white. Do you know any American brands that are really good wine? I have tried a couple from California but I want to get a good sampling. You don't need to buy me any, I think you could get in trouble or something right? My country is better known for beer, though I am not the biggest fan of it.
I don't understand if you said your dad has been to the Czech republic or he knows a lot about it. I can certainly clarify it for both of you! In 1989, communism ended in what we call the sametová revoluce, think in English it's called the soft revolution or the velvet revolution or something like that. Then, a couple of years later, there was a referendum and we decided to split up. On January 1st 1993, we became two countries again.
Your dad has tried slivovica! And he enjoyed it! That's great! We make many of these drinks from other fruit too. We call them pálenka. I like slivovica too. Have you tried it?
I am not so sure that I understand this humour. Why did the people have hippos on their heads? And does the cow belong to this lawyer? I think you will have to explain these a bit more to me. One thing I have a lot of trouble with is American jokes. Czech humour is very different. Don't worry though, I don't think you would understand many Czech jokes. I have tried telling some to my friends and no one ever laughs.
My name isn't actually Regina Kovacs, it's Regina Novakova. Walter isn't my real father. He married my mum when I was very small. My father died in an accident before I was born but I kept his name. Walter is the only dad I've ever known though. I guess that isn't as interesting if you spell it backwards.
I would be happy to have lunch with you. I don't really like McDonalds though. I find their food to be really bad. One of my friends and her boyfriend may be driving me though. Can she come too? That's not certain yet. I may borrow my aunt's car if she doesn't need it.
Actually "na shledanou" just means "goodbye". I guess that's kind of formal. If you want to be friendlier, you can just say "čau" or "pápá". Love in Czech is "láska" and "I love you" is "miluji tě". I guess if you are looking for an equal to a closing in a letter you would say something like "upřímně váš" but that's kind of formal too.
Ok, sorry, no more language lessons.
Čau! :) (Translation; "hi/bye". Similar to aloha.)
Regina
Chris rambles like a motherfucker
I got your last e-mail on October 1. :) BTW, that was my mother's birthday too; she's 68 now. I've been busy lately, and I apologize for not replying sooner. I would have replied yesterday, but my mom came down ill (thought to be food poisioning at first but it's confirmed to be colitis; a colon infection); had to be rushed to the Martha Jefferson Hospital. She is still recovering, and she is feeling better now.
Now, in response to your last e-mail, firstly, I think your figure looks great; I would not change it. ;) And more pics of you would be good, I look forward to seeing your Graduation Pics.
Sonichu can be profitable, but the plan is to get paper published with a comic book company like Archie or Marvel (or self-publish if they refuse me), then my comics can be mass-printed, sold, and merchandise and profits to follow.
I'm not all that a video game designer, but I have had experience with part and building desiging on the CADD programs, as well as in-video game designing, such as the level-creation-styles of LittleBigPlanet. And before then with in-game customizations with games such as Animal Crossing, Jet Grind Radio, F-Zero GX, and others. I'm also looking forward to the upcoming Modnation Racers. BTW, you said you play video games too, which console(s) do you own? If you have a PS3, we can be exchange PSN Online IDs and communicate through there too.
I've just started drinking last June; my first drink was a Long Island Iced Tea; Delicious. :)P I've enjoyed the tastes of a local wine I sampled from a local winery. I've also tasted Mike's Hard Lemonade, Budwiser, Miller, Micolobe, Samual Adams and a couple of others. And I look forward to sampling more varities of liqour. I have not yet tried the Slivovich
From the jokes I told you, most were word-play jokes; the hippo joke was just silly. :D No, the lawer did not own the cow; those two scenarios were seperate [sic]. "Lawyer" and "Sawyer" rhyme, and what does a lawyer do? "Sue" someone. I'll sing the cow lyric for you on Monday when we meet; it's funnier when heard anyway.
Your friends may come for lunch too. I can think of three other good places: CiCi's Pizza has good pizza, salads, soups and desserts; all you can eat. Tropical Smoothie Cafe has good flatbread sandwiches that come with your choice of chips or fruit, and their smoothies are tasty too. Baja Bean has some good mexican food. I'm also open for your suggestions, or what you feel like then.
I'm sorry to hear that about your original father, but at least you had Walt to be your emotionally supportive dad, and you still have your mother too. :) It's always good to count your blessings.
Do you go to church? I go to Wesley United Methodist Church, south-bound on Emmet St. beyond the tennis courts, across from the UVA parking garage there. I was baptized there Mother's Day of 2008; my father and I are Methodists, and my mother is Presbertyrian.
Do you have siblings? I have two half-brothers and one half-sister. My mother had Joseph Cole Smithey; a movie reviewer in New York City, currently living with his girlfriend and her family. He also has a website, http://www.colsmithey.com. My father had David Alan Chandler and Carol Suzanne Chandler. Alan is an Optomologist in Chesterfield County; he is married and has a daughter; her name is Savannah. Carol has a PHD and Degree in Math, and last my father and I heard, she was working with the Government in DC; Top Secret Stuff. Seriously, I HAVE NO INKLING of where in DC she is or what's she been up to.
Does your mother work too, or is she a housewife? My mother held a number of Secretarial jobs; most recent was at First North American National Bank (Partnered with Circuit City) where she worked in Recovery. She's retired now; she used to be an adequate homemaker, but since she retired, she's been taking it easy a lot.
BTW, my father's name is Robert Franklin Chandler Jr., and my mother's is Barbara Anne Weston Chandler.
And I have a number of aunts, uncles and cousins I'll be happy to tell you about at a later time. Please feel free to tell me some about your family and y'alls history.
Also, I am 1/32 Cherokee, from my father's side; I am also part English, British and French (British and French from my mother's). My family tree includes the Boleyn family; Anne Boleyn, one of King Henry VIII's wives, who gave birth to Queen Elizabeth I. Anne was related in an Aunt-Sense; my mom and I are more directly linked to her sister, Mary Boleyn. At least, as far as my mother found in her family's history. the next link she found was Richard Weston, First Earl of Portland. I'm still trying to find the link between Richard Weston and Mary Boleyn. Anyway, another one of my ancestors after Richard was the dude who bartered for the Mayflower for the English People to board and take that famous Pilgrimage.
I'll stop there for now.
Anyway, our meeting is settled then; this coming Monday at the Barracks Road McDonalds at 2:00 PM. We'll make the business exchange of the guitars for the $90.99, USD, then we'll hang out with a spot of lunch. :)
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe and Take Care,
Cau,
Chris.
(I do not know how to type in an acented letter from my keyboard or AOL e-mail)
Regina drops some hints
Hey Christian. I am at a friends house right now. I am a little bit drunk because we have been drinking some wine her dad gave us. Please excuse any spelling errors. :)
That is pretty cool about your Soniku thing. I hope you get it published. I still havent seen your website. I guess I should check it out if you are famous for it or something.
I am so sorry to hear about your mom. Is she ok? It sounds pretty serious. What happened exactly?
When I get home from my friends house I will send you some grad photos. I have what I think is the perfect dress.
Yeah I figured the joke you were talking about would be better in person. Do you have any more examples? Im trying to understand as much as possible. Oh, feel free to correct my English too, I am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to languages.
Ok, so we can meet at McDonalds and then go somewhere else. I really dont want to eat there. The taco place you mentioned sounds pretty cool. I dont think my friend and her boyfriend will be coming.
As for video games, I have a PS3 and mostly just play guitar hero. Thats why we are buying the controllers from you. Cause me and my friend are really competitive. We want to compete against each other.
Ugh, there is this really fat ugly guy at this party who keeps touching me and annoying me by talking about some stupid drawings he does. Hes really an idiot. Luckily my friend keeps shooing him away.
I dont really go to church a lot. I went to a Catholic secondary school. But in the Czech republic, religion is not all that popular. Ive never really found all that much reason to go to church. I dont know what methodism is. Im kind of a Christian Existentialist anyway. I really like Kierkegaard.
Anyway, my thumbs are getting tired from typing this on my friends iPhone so I think I will get back to partying. Ill send you the pictures tomorrow.
Ahoj!!! :)
Regina
Ahoj is similar to čau, in that both function as a greeting and farewell. Both are somewhat informal.
Nazi joke
Hey, sorry for last night. I was in no state to be sending emails. I was kind of just doing it to look busy so that guy would stop bothering me. I didn't really answer all your questions!!!!
So, in addition to the stuff I mentioned last night:
I do have some siblings. There is my brother Kristián I mentioned before, and my little sister Kateřina. Kristian is 25 and just started his own company. Kateřina is 15 and still attending secondary
school. My mom does work. She has a dog grooming business. My ancestors haven't done anything special. At least not that I know of. Maybe they have but Novák is such a common name in the Czech republic
the relation would be insignificant. I would check my Dad's side but Kovač is even more common than Novák. I don't like to be judged on my family history anyway and prefer people assess me for what I do.
I have a Czech joke for you:
During the Nazi occupation, a Gestapo officer drags a Czech man into a prison and says "lock him up!"
The clerk asks, "what did he do?"
The Gestapo officer says "he shouted 'Jews out! Germans in their place!'"
The clerk says "why did you arrest him for that? That's the new law!"
The Gestapo officer says "he was in a Jewish cemetery!"
It's not the best joke but it's the only one that anyone has understood when I told it to them. Do you have any more jokes to consider before we meet?
So, at the Barracks road McDonalds at 2pm. Please expect that I will be a little late.
Hopefully I will hear from you by email before then. OK? :)
Get the guitars ready xixixi.
How is your mom doing?
Oh... and picture attched.
Čau čau!!!
Regina.
The meeting arranged
I've just downloaded and saw your pic; WOW! You're like Cinderella from the Disney movie; Beeeautiful! :)
I will have the two guitars and their USB receivers ready for you; please make sure you have the cash on hand to pay for them. $91 is acceptable; I will be happy to give you the penny in change. Also, I've just purchased PS3 Rock Band Country Track Pack for the code to download the Tracks to be playable in Rock Band 1 + 2. I was thinking about putting it on eBay for $19.99, but if you want it, I'll be happy to include it with the guitars, as a Free Bonus.
Do you get WiFi at your place, so we could communicate over the Playstation Network? If you don't, I recommend it. I get WiFi here at my house and as far as its yard streches property-wise, courtesy of Comcast Cable; I have a cable modem box with a WiFi Router equipped to it. It is a good deal, especially with Guitar Hero titles; I buy and download the additional Tracks from the Playstation Store (some of which are free).
Another great game I highly recommend for the PS3 is LittleBigPlanet; in addition to the Story Mode and customizing your Sackperson, you can collect the in-game parts and pieces and create your own levels. I have a few of my own uploaded onto the PSN. "LittleBigPlanet... It is a planet that is little; it is a planet that is big."
Anyway, by the taco place, do you mean the Taco Bell or the Baja Bean, just so I'm clear on that? It's okay if you come by yourself, and I understand if you're late; I'll wait for you. You'll know I'm there if you see a dark blue station wagon-shaped Ford Escort with "Sonichu" on the License Plate, and an Autobot symbol on it's trunk door in the nearby parking spaces.
I would not judge you on your family history; it still makes a good conversation or research topic.
The hospital just released my mother this morning, and my father brought her home this afternoon. She is still recovering, and my father and I went out earlier to get her new perscriptions, but at least she doesn't have to make as many restroom runs now.
Your joke is good. I have a few other jokes, as well as a riddle or two. Or I may come up with something new at random. I get some of my material from past comedy shows and movies. Three comedians I enjoy are Red Skelton, Lucille Ball and Jerry Sienfeld.
I look forward to meeting you and hanging out with you tomorrow. :)
Cau Cau, and Stay Safe,
Chris.
Subtlety is wasted on Chris
I'm glad you had a good time last night at your friend's house, and I'm sorry you had to deal with that fat guy. It's good to be blessed with friends to help you like that. :)
Oh, and Methodism, as well as Presbertianism, are both of Christian Religions; you may look them up on Wikipedia.
Cau,
Chris.
He kicks autistics and isn't afraid of anything
First off, I'm supposed to say HI FROM GREGG WITH THREE Gs.
He said you had family business to attend to and couldn't make it. He was kind enough to drop off the guitars. Thank you for the discount by the way! 50% is huge! Gregg also took the liberty of cleaning off the stickers and paint. He said it looked kind of bad. But they look like new now! Thanks!
Hope nothing is too serious and you got it all sorted out.
Gregg is pretty cool guy.
ČAU!!!!
Regina :)
Oh the guitars are good too
I got the computer for a couple minutes. Just wanted to say that we should hang out sometime soon since I didn't get to see you. I Skyped my dad and told him to leave some good feedback about the guitars.
They work great!!!!
See you soon I hope!!! :)
ČAU ČAU
Regina.
Chris totally hates Gregg Mays
I apologize for not replying sooner.
Listen, this "Gregg" you met up with is an Enemy of mine; he is NOT to be trusted. He is an internet Troll/Bully. In fact, that is not his real name; he goes by "Gregg Mays" or "Clyde Cash", but niether one of them are his real name. You bought the two guitars from a crook, a fiend. I felt shocked when you mentioned his name in your last e-mail; I was hoping to avoid having to talk about that son of a bitch.
*sigh*
I had to be fated to become internet famous...
Anyway, I will still be happy to meet up with you and hang out. Perhaps we can hang out at the Fashion Square Mall. Let me know which day would be good for you.
Also, I would like you to get in touch with my gal-pal I've told you a bit about earlier; she will be introducing herself in an e-mail soon; her address is [REDACTED]. That way, you'll get to know one of my friends as well. :)
BTW, I've relisted the two guitars on eBay; it was wierd [sic] to get the positive feedback after you've bought the guitars from Someone Else (who happens to be a crook).
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Outrage
OH MY GOD I AM SO ANGRY RIGHT NOW!!!!
Not at you of course.
So this guy who sold me guitars wasn't even a friend of yours? I'm not sure I fully understand this... so he came with two identical guitars and took the money that was supposed to go to you? I'm amazed. Have I go the story right? It's amazing how being on the internet can bring out so many stupid people!!! I am SOOOO SORRY. There was no way I could have known! Can you forgive me?
What about the feedback, should I tell my dad to leave it there? It doesn't seem honest but this guy has ripped you off. What do you think?
As far as hanging out goes, we will soon guaranteed. I have to head home to Prague this weekend cause my mom is sick. It doesn't seem too serious, but I should visit my family. It's good to see them when they are down you know? What sort of things do you want to do? Good news is I have my own laptop now, so I can email more frequently. Email me lots over the weekend cause I may be pretty bored in Prague. I'm kind of excited though because I will be going to see family in Liberec and I get to RIDE THE TRAIN!!!
I would love to talk to your friend!!! I am trying to meet as many new people as possible. It can get lonely being a foreigner here and I want to practice my English too! What's a gal-pal?
I attached another photo from my graduation. It's of me and my two bestest teachers. Do you have any favourite lektors from school or university?
How's your mom? And how is the job hunt? I've been trying to find some work recently too.
Ok, study break is over. Back to the work.
ČAU MOJ!!
Regina.
Absence
Haven't heard from you in a while. You aren't angry with me are you?
I finally took a peek at your YouTube account. There's a lot of angry videos on there. What is happening? Should I be worried about this Gregg person?
What should I do?
Regina
We cool
Hey, Regina. No, I am not angry with you; we are cool.
As long as you ignore him and don't communicate further with Gregg, don't worry. BTW, since you've met "Gregg" in person, can you describe what he looks likes; height, body build, eye color, skin, hair color/style and such?
Don't worry about the whole mess; it's MY mess, and I am and will deal with it personally.
And don't worry about the Guitar deal; I've relisted them on eBay; it's all cool.
How is your mother; I hope she's doing better? And let's try to re-schedule our meet and greet hang-out; do you know where Fashion Square Shopping Center is?
TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
The many faces of Gregg
Hey there.
Sure I can describe Gregg. He's a kind of square shouldered guy. He's black. He's around 190 cm and he had some pretty big biceps. He had pretty short hair too. I am not really good at telling black people apart to be honest. I've been getting some weird emails too. Do you think they may be from him?
My mom is doing better. Thank you for asking. Though she is still pretty weak. They aren't sure why. They want to do more tests.
I've heard about the Fashion Square Mall, why do you ask? I have yet to go there.
I've read a bit from your Sonichu site. I'm not sure I totally understand it.
Čauko!
Regina
Chris explains YouTube madness
Thank you for your description.
I've asked about Fashion Square, because I go there often, and it would be an ideal place to meet up. I'm free any afternoon; just let me know the day and time, and we can try to meet up again. :)
As for the wierd [sic] e-mails, make note of the sender e-mail addresses, block them, and delete any future wierd [sic] e-mails without reading them. You can pretty much tell in the subject line anyway.
Also, for the recently uploaded videos on YouTube; they were directed to my trolls, including the crazy-acting one where I break that hunk of wood (I was trying to scare them away with that one), please do not judge me from those. Although they do emphasize my dramatic side.
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Insane people in malls
Yo, wassup?
Yeah, I'm not a really big fan of American malls. I seem to meet so many weird people in them. Usually some people shouting and being weird. I keep seeing all kinds of strange things in malls.
How about this: I finally got an apartment hookup through my friend. She found a great place near the University. I haven't seen it yet but I am totally trusting of her. We are going to take possession around the middle of November. We are SOOOO having a house party. Are you down? We are going to get WASTED and break the house in proper.
I'll block the emails. Just like you recommended. What are trolls anyway? I always thought they were some ugly things from children's stories that ate goats. I'm kind of getting the sense from what I have read that they are some sort of internet haters or something. What exactly do they want with you?
The videos are pretty interesting. I thought the Indian one was cute :) but I don't really understand it. Tell me more about your dramatic side!
I totally talked to your friend! She seems really cool. How did you meet her? Is she like your girlfriend or something? I love meeting new people. It gets so hard being a foreigner here when everything is weird.
Back to studying!!!!!
Těší mě!!! (Roughly means "I hope to hear from you soon.")
Regina.
Chris believes the trolls are jealous of him
Firstly, Kim is not my girlfriend; she already has a boyfriend; she and i are just friends. I met her through an old friend of mine.
The house party sounds like fun. :) I am down with that. But I would still like to meet you in person ASAP. How about this, since you don't like the mall, and I recall you telling me you liked the taco place, how about we meet at a Taco Bell? There are two in Charlottesville; one nearby the Barracks Road Shopping Center, and one nearby the Albemarle Square, where the ACAC Fitness Center[1] is located. Just let me know which day you will be free, and I can meet you at one of the two Taco Bells (We'll need to specify which one beforehand) that afternoon.
In this case, Trolls are Internet Bullies; they pick on people for the "LULZ" (or "Laughs Under Lucridicities" as I put it); Laughs at other people's expense. They try to trick, or hack, the victim or their associates to gather dirt and information on them, and twist and turn the truth around and make terrible, slanderous jokes at their expense. Mostly, they pick on celebrities; I do not really understand why me of all people. But they are just lowly individuals who most likely hang out practically 24/7 in their basements in front of their computers. The only theory I have is that they're jealous of me and my creative ideas and comics.
Anyway, I gtg; I have a few things to do right now, but I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Philosophy reading
Hello!!! :)
Well, the thing is, I want to meet you too. But right now this philosophy at university is driving me mad!!! I have so much reading to do I am spending all my time in classes or at home with my nose in a book. I figure once I can get the bulk of my reading under control, I am totally yours to meet. I'll guarantee we can meet before the housewarming party, but not at this exact moment.
Not unless you can explain my philosophy readings to me :D Why does it need to be ASAP?
I am really not a fan of fast food, maybe we can go to a nightclub or bar or something... do you know any good ones??
So I think I understand the whole trolls thing. I read a bit of your bio on that cogsdev thing you sent me. It seems like a pretty confusing story. It sounds pretty tragic too.
Anyway, in the meantime, until we meet that it, can I keep sending you emails to keep my English up to date? Although she speaks perfect English, my Aunt only wants to speak Czech all the time... All my readings are in English but I keep getting worried my social English will go out the window. Can I ask you some questions before we meet?
Pusinky :*
Regina.
Pusinky means "kisses."
The sooner the better
It's cool; we can meet up at the Baja Bean across from Wal-Mart; they have a bar there, and they do check for ID, but it is smoke-free and clean. Plus, they have Karaoke Friday Nights there at 9:00. It doesn't have to be ASAP, but the sooner the better, I feel. And of course you may ask me as many questions as you please, and I can think of some in response to those as well. :) I continue to look forward to our meet and greet.
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Questions about America
Hey!!!
Ok, cool. I like to ask foreigners a lot of questions. Because this is the first time I have lived in America, so there are so many things I am curious about...
Ok, so check this out. I saw your video where you are dressed up like an Indian. Do they still live on reservations and stuff? I haven't met anyone who is an Indian (at least not that I know of) and no one seems to really know that much about them. Do you? You said you had some ancestry, so I was just curious. Do you follow any traditions? The only things I know about Indians are from the Winnetou books and movies and I'm not sure how accurate they are.
Oh hey, do you have any more books to recommend other than those RL Stien books? My brother is looking for some good books and those ones aren't available in the Czech republic. He needs to read more because his English sucks almost as much as my dad's.
I went through some of your comics. Pretty interesting. Where did you learn to draw? I have been reading books on how to draw but can't seem to get anything right. I read a lot of theory books like from Marvel and stuff but I never seem to improve. I would take lessons but that will have to wait until University is over.
Ok, and a couple of American things that really get me confused...
The first is halloween. Everyone seems to make a big deal of it. I don't get it. We don't have it in the Czech republic but everyone knows what it is. But what's the big deal anyway? A lot of people have invited me to parties. Are you going to a party? I don't understand how this thing for kids to get candy has turned into adults dressing up for parties.
Also, politics. People really seem to ramble about politics a lot. I think I kind of get the sense of what the parties are about. Who do you vote for? I hope that's not too personal a question. And a lot of people seemed to hate George Bush. Why didn't they like him so much? And now a lot of people don't like Obama. Why don't people like him? ARRRRGH, I'm so confused. And what's with all these conspiracies... ABOUT BOTH.
Oh hey, on a by the way sort of note... My dad's is starting up this new media company and he needs writer/editor type people with HTML skills for a website. I read on your site that you know a bit about that. They are having trouble finding skilled people to fill the position. Would you be interested in the email address or are you too busy with freelance work? I don't know anything about how much it pays but my dad said just refer (he told me to ask anyone I knew) people to his HR manager and they would happily answer questions. I still feel bad about the guitar thing and hoped this would make it up to you.
Gaaah! I need to get back to all this philosophy reading. All these books make me think about our place in the world. Do you think there is a grand design or something? Do you have a personal philosophy? After reading all this, I don't know what to believe...
Ask me some questions so I can procrastinate in these readings LOL!!!
Ok. Back to work.
Čau moj!
Regina
Wikipedia: The answer to everything
Cool. Well, in order to your questions; firstly, I am 1/32 Cherokee. I do not currently live on a reservation, yet I think a lot of us Native Americans do live on Reservations. The proper term is not Indian (that term was misconstruded when Christopher Colombus landed at what would later be called America, and he thought it was India (his originally planned destination) and he referred to the people as people of India by mistake; the proper term is Native American. I currently do not know of any traditions to follow of my Cherokee ancestry, but information on "Cherokee" can be looked up on Wikipedia.
The only other books I can remember having read, off the top of my head, is "To Kill a Mockingbird", "Wednesday's Child" and "The Giver". The authors escape me, but again, check on Wikipedia.
My drawing style, I would say is mostly natural, but I have learned about perspectives and such from Numerous Art Classes I took throughout my lifetime in all my schools I went to. I can shed some light on perspectives for you and help you practice drawing in the future. :) Do you have any samples of your drawing style you'd like to share with me? I can critique it and offer you honest, detailed feedback that can help you as well.
Halloween History can be looked up on Wikipedia, but the costumed portions, from what I've heard, started in these United States in Salem with Witches, spooks and the like. As portrayed in a "Treehouse of Horror" episode of "The Simpsons", one theory states that some of those witches wanted children for one of their brews or something, so they went house-to-house. But instead of taking the children, they were offered cookies, candies and treats, and the witches accepted those instead. And eventually, the trend of Trick or Treat and costumed people going house-to-house followed for a Halloween tradition. Adults like to dress up to get into the spirit, and parties are a given as such for fun and enjoyment. I know of a halloween party I plan on going to nearby the Downtown Mall; if we meet soon enough, I would like to invite you to come with me there. :) If you came with me, what would you dress up as? And I encourage your own personal creativity. As a suggestion, if you still have your prom dress, all you would need are a pair of clear transparent slippers and a tiara, and you come as Cinderella.
I am not all that into politics, but I do know some things from ear (Bush and Obama and why people dislike them can be found on the Wikipedia also). You may be talking about George Bush JUNIOR that people have disliked; I don't know much of why. As for Obama, people are disliking him, because he supposedly is being a wuss and has pulled back some of the US Armed Forces from other countries. And currently, his Health Plan; to my understanding, it would just be a costly thing that Americans are not ready for yet, because we can't afford it yet, due to the recent recession (which didn't seem like that big of a deal in my opinion; I just lived on day by day, and I'm still okay). And there's the deal with another country concealing a nuclear facility from him; they don't want to give a tour, and they're saying it's there for "Peace Reasons". Obama's trying to get other countries' support to make this country show him their facility. That's what I know right now. I recommend learning what you can in research to help settle your confusion more if you feel the need.
Also, as for voting, in current events, my main concern is on the
Governer of Virginia; Bob McDonnel or Craig Deeds. There are tales of McDonnel wanting to take Virginia backwards, in a sense, by supporting a law created by Bush Jr. (I think). And McDonnel is Against Abortion Rights, and he would make it illegal, even in incest or rape, and for married couples, to have the choice. On the other hand, Craig supports higher taxes for gas, housing and such. Currently, Craig is ahead, but my father and I both feel that Neither McDonnel or Craig are good; they're both poor choices. We're even thinking on Election Day to Write in Snoopy (Charlie Brown's dog) instead of voting for McDonnel or Craig. LOL
I do have good knowledge of raw HTML, and I created the Most Original CWC's Sonichu Site, as well as its predecessor, CWC's PokeSite 2, from raw HTML text in Notepad. I have had two classes; one during High School and one later at PVCC. I would need more information on your dad's company, and the web server that is set up for his company, but I am up for that. ;)
Personal philosophy, I'm not sure; I have thought about it before, but it escapes me at the moment. I promise to recall, remember it and get back to you on that.
Also, for bars I've been to, I've also been to Applebees (the one by Toys 'R' Us; they have Karaokee Mondays), the TGIFridays by Target, and Club R2 (A.K.A. the Rapture) in the Downtown Mall (I don't know much about R2, but they do print their events in Charlottesville's "The Hook" weekly newsletter magazine (it's Free). Have you been to any yourself yet, and if so which ones?
I'll think up some more questions for you by the next e-mail.
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Regina is just full of questions
Word up yo...
Ok, thanks for telling me about the whole Indian/Native American thing. No one corrected me on that yet and I have been saying it all along. I hope I didn't offend anyone. I guess it is hard to preserve traditions like that. I guess most of it was verbal history too.
I don't think I will offer up any drawings for critique just yet. I am not sure they are good enough. Maybe I will, but I will have to find them first. Like a lot of my personal photos they are strewed around on a whole variety of different CDs. I'll look, but no promises.
Ok, so I think I get the whole deal behind halloween parties. I guess it just makes sense to have an excuse to dress up crazy and go out to have fun. The halloween party you mentioned sounds like fun, can you tell me more about it? I would go, but I think I will have to fly back to the Czech republic cause my mom is still sick. My dress is there anyway, it was too much to pack. Surely you must know some nice lady you can take there? What are you dressing up as? That's what I'm really curious about. And why are you choosing this costume... oh, please take photos of your costume if I don't get to see it.
Thank you for clearing that bit up about politics. Can you explain to me, if you don't like these two men, why you would write a cartoon character's name? Are these the only two men? Is there really no other people? That sounds a little bizarre to hae only two people to choose from. I guess no one else wanted the position? The way you put it, Obama does sound like kind of a wuss. Do you think he is right to pull back the armies from these arab countries? I read the Wikipedia article on George Bush Junior. It seems that people don't like him because of immigrants or something. And he doesn't seem to care about the environment and people seem to think he allows torture. And mostly the wars he started too... how reliable is this Wikipedia? Are these things really so bad? Good luck with choosing the governor.
Ok, I don't know the details about HTML and things. Computers are not my specialty. My dad told me to find anybody interested and forward them on to him. His email is [REDACTED] so it is probably best just to contact him. He may get his assistant to write back, because, well, you have read his English already. If he does reply on his own, go easy on him, k? :) You have some pretty good chances of getting the job cause they are having a really hard time getting a pool of applicants. They really want an English speaker, but no one seems to want to work for a Czech company.
I have been to a few bars, but I forget the names of most of the places. I think I went to some bar called Vivian's or some place next to it or something. I really need to start remembering the names of all these places. A couple of discos too. I will pick up a copy of The Hook and look for these events you suggest.
Here's another few questions I thought of. Have you ever thought about doing comic plots for different characters? Like maybe doing a spinoff for one of your current characters or designing a new set of characters with a new story? Or are you just sticking to your current universe? And why/why not? My brother used to read a lot of comics so he may ask me about your mentality or whatever the next time I see him.
Hey also, we were talking about philosophy, that's cool if you don't remember your personal views. I guess it isn't something the average person thinks about every day. What about your future? What do you see in your future? I am always curious about this with everybody. I see myself being like my father or brother and starting my own business, but some different kind of business. Not like the traditional kind. I just don't know what yet. What about you? What kinds of things would you like to do? Maybe in ten years or when you retire? Or next year, whatever...
Anyway, back to the books!
Papá!!
Regina
Again, papá is a roughly friendly term, yet still just implies vagueness (i.e., she's being slightly cautious).
Chris babbles about costumes, politics, and dreams
It's cool; I look forward to any drawings you are able to share with me. :)
The Halloween party I'm planning on going to is on Saturday October 31 at the Key Center, 800 E. Market St,[2] at 7 - 9 PM; $3 per person, $5 per couple; I will pay our way in if you decide to come with me. I thought I've mentioned that I currently have a few gal-pals (who are already taken), but no girlfriend for myself yet (I'm single). So, other than you, I do not have anyone else I could take. I'm going to go in this outfit I sometimes wore before to the Pokemon Trading Card Game League I used to attend that made me look like Ash Ketchum. I thought of making up an outfit to go as Captain N, from that classic Nintendo TV Show, "Captain N, the Game Master", but it's hard for me to find a matching jacket at Goodwill, even an "N" to stitch onto the jacket. I'll send you a photo in the next e-mail.
I'm sorry to hear your mother is still ill; please offer her my humble condolences and wishes for full recovery. :)
The wikipedia is most reliable; the people who post on there most of the time quote their sources; books, newspapers, other websites, etc.
McDonnel and Deeds are the only two candidates for VA Governer at this time, and with both of them being not so swift candidates, it just seems fitting to write-in the fictional character as a comical alternative. My father brought up the idea of writing Snoopy in first, and I was hip to the idea, because it made me laugh. :D As for why, McDonnel is Against Abortion Rights, and Deeds would Raise Taxes; it's like one would Retardate Virginia, and one would Make Things MORE Expensive.
As for Obama, I would have to agree with popular opinion on the issue of him pulling back our troops; I feel what he did there was like saying, "We're not worthy; please do with us as you wish, and we will offer no resistance." Pitiful.
I will respect and understand your father's english capabilities and wording at my best. :)
I do not plan on any spin-offs for my comic series; there are a LOT of characters and such, and I feel it would be more complicated and difficult to do such at this time. But in future pages, I do plan on expanding on each individual character with their individual stories and adventures. I have all my ideas written in my Brain's Diary.
As for where I see myself, I am uncertain career-wise, but I HAVE A DREAM! And that dream is to find the woman to make my Sweetheart from honest, true friendship, make her my wife, and from us, have a daughter named Crystal Weston Chandler. I've had a number of dreams where I take care of and tend to the needs of my baby, Crystal. And from all those dreams, I knew they were God's wishes for my future.
Alternatively, if I have a boy as well, I would name him Reginald; that was not a dream-thing though. I've had a past internet gal-pal, who would have likely become my girlfriend after she got here from her native land of Australia after finishing College there with a Teacher Degree. We role-played a family day with the children, and she chose the name of Reginald for the boy-child. She died last Janurary during the wild bushfires then. Sometimes I remember her, but I have moved on.
I have a lot of stories I would be happy to share with you in-person in conversations in the future. It feels easier to me to talk about it in-person, in lieu to typing it up.
Which brings up a topic I'm curious about, please tell me about any past relationships you've had; ex-boyfriends, any sex, etc. If you feel uncomfortable talking about it, I understand.
Cool, I will TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Cau,
Chris. :)
Regina can't make it
Hey there!
Well, thank you for the offer for the halloween party, but I will definitely be flying to Praha on that day. So there is no possible way for me to make it. Can't wait to see the photos of the Ash outfit you mentioned. I think I know the character you are talking about. I am sure I will recognise it when I see it. I don't know who Captain N is. I will check Wikipedia or something. Sorry, didn't mean to confuse your gal-pals for girlfriends. I just figured you were involved with someone. If not on a full relationship yet. Just a sense I got from your YouTube videos. I saw one where you were talking to a girl named Kacy where you said you cared about her. Sorry for the confusion. I seem to have taken these videos out of context. Is there an explanation?
It's too bad you have such poor choices for governor or whatever. Higher taxes aren't such a bad thing though are they? They help pay for important stuff. I agree they shouldn't be too high. How much more will you have to pay if he gets elected? What happens if everyone writes Snoopy on the ballot? Would he have to take office?
When you put it that way about Obama, it does sound pitiful. If that's the case, why do so many people like him? And why do you think he should have stayed in Iraq? Are you a very patriotic person? I am very proud of being Czech, especially of my language.
You certainly seem like you have your future planned out in full. I wish I knew my future as well as you do! For now, I just want to EXCEL. I want to make the best of myself in whatever I do. I have had to bust my ass while studying. Everyone goes out and parties but I don't stop till I get it right. And boy do my marks show it. I want to be the BEST. Not sure what I have to prove. Just want to be all I can be. Maybe once I do that, I can relax for a bit. My own business is my clearest goal, even though I'm not sure what the business will be about. Do you ever have ambitions like this?
I am really sorry to hear about your friend. She must have been very special to you.
Since you mentioned Snoopy, I was just curious. What are your favourite cartoons? Do you prefer Western or Eastern? What do you like about them? I personally like Russian cartoons.
I was also watching your video about Brutal Legend. I heard about that game. Is it good??? It sure looks good! Do you like metal music? Is that why you got this? I think you probably explained this in your video but there is no sound. Did YouTube screw it up?
Here's a weird question I love asking people... If you could have any superpower, what would it be? What would you do with it. The best answer I ever got was from my friend. She wanted the ability to fart in stereo LOLOLOL!!! I guess that means she would have two buttholes.
Also, what's up with American trains? European trains are way cooler. Do you use the train much?
We totally will share in person as soon as I have the time. I just want to get to know you in the meantime is all. I can be initially shy in a first meeting so it helps if I know what I can talk about.
Did you email my dad? He says he didn't get anything from you yet. Sometimes these Czech emails can be pretty screwball. If it isn't working, I'll give you his Gmail.
Nope, never had a boyfriend.
Na zdravie, šťastie a lásku,
Regina :)
Slovak for "health, happiness and love."
Chris answers a bunch of questions, is still a virgin
Yes, Kacey is one of my gal-pals; nothing major at the time. She already cares for this other dude. I do care about her as a friend though. :) I am the sort of man who keeps his friends close to his heart and cares about them.
The only True-from-My-Heart-and-Mind Videos are on my own personal YouTube accounts, my current "ChristianWChandler" and my past "CChan6789". MOST others outside of my accounts will be slandered, misleading videos created by the Trolls, in lame attempts to mislable me, as well as smearing my good name and reputation.
I've attached an early picture of me in my ol' outfit (0647); ignore the wastepouch; I have not worn one in years. And I generally wore this yellow Pokemon TCG League Gym Leader shirt to Best complete the outfit (0584).
These photos are from my slideshow of life photos/pics I presented in a DVD I created on my 25th Birthday, February 24, 2007, called "Christian Weston Chandler... Yep, I'm on T.V." Originally, it was priviately distributed from me to close friends and family. But last year, a troll pretended to be one of my old, close gal-pal and tricked a copy out of me; now it's all over the web, with messed-up versions of the original videos, and people making and distributing FAKE copies. DO NOT BUY any of those, as well as the unofficial Sonichu/Rosechu merchandise; there aren't any at this time, but I am working on that. After you and I become real close, I would be happy to make a copy for you, or I can share my Master Copy with you in a multiple number of "Movie Nights"; there is over 6 hours of original content.
Please do not judge me, but yeah I have yet to expierence a major relationship. But I do have a good amount of knowledge to make up a good relationship, as well as good sex. I have seen a good share of soft and hardcore porn, including some Educational videos from companies like the Sinclair Institute. But again, there is no rush. Which brings up a question, how do you feel about sex before marriage, or sex in general?
I feel that higher taxes is the better of the two evils in the governer issues, so I'll probably root for Deeds anyway. I wouldn't worry about Snoopy.
Obama stay in Iraq? You may have misunderstood a phrasing in my last e-mail; I never meant that in any way. I am proud to be an american; I am patriotic. I can go on about the history of these United States and how our forefathers, who founded it and shaped it to what it is today, worked and fought to maintain order and peace throughout this fine nation. My father could go on about that as well; he is very knowledgeable in the history. And I welcome and respect your patriotism for your country as well; you have every right as you were born and raised in it. :)
I have had ambitions for a job or business, even though it was not made clear to me on what it would be specifically; I'm still uncertain currently. What are your ideas for the business subject you'd like to pursue? My mother originally wanted to be a teacher, and she has had past expierence in substituting for the teacher in their absence from time to time. Yet she ended up taking a number of secretarial jobs in a number of companies and businesses.
I have a LOT of favorited cartoons; (anything) Sonic the Hedgehog, Sailor Moon, Transformers (any Generation), Excel Saga, Samurai Pizza Cats, Smurfs, Care Bears, and more. I'm not sure what you mean by Western or Eastern, unless you mean American and Japan (Anime) Animation. I like Anime a bit better, because it is mostly better drawn and rendered compared to American, plus the stories are usually better, and sometimes the original Japanese Audio, even in the TV-Y area, has some curse words. LOL :D I have also watched Canadian Animation; those were good, and British Animation ("Danger Mouse" to name one). I don't think I've ever watched Russian Animation, but I am always open for new shows. :)
Yeah, I am uncertain what happened to the audio in the original video I did for Brutal Legend. I like all kinds of music, unless it's presented at a TOO Loud volume; respect the eardrums. LOL Metal is awesome, but I mostly listen to Pop, Lite Rock, Country, Jazz and Classic.
I would have to say Super Speed; I wouldn't easily tire out after running at such velocity, I'd get a lot more exercise, and I wouldn't require a car if I can get there in a Snap on foot. :D
I have never ridden on a train, I'm sorry.
You can talk about most anything to me, no worries. And if you cross a line, I will let you know; I would respect your wishes if I cross a line in discussion, you'd only need to tell me.
I've just e-mailed Walter, asking for the information. I am certain he got the message, because I would have gotten a "Returned Message" e-mail if the address was faulty.
I'm sorry you can't make the Halloween Party, but it's cool; I'll be okay. :) I am looking forward to your house-warming party; please let me know if I can do or bring anything to help make it better. Please be sure to let me know the details when you are fully certain of them; when and where.
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Cau,
Chris.
Regina is asexual, asks about loads of random stuff
Yo yo yo wass happenin'
That is too bad that Kacey cares for another dude, it wasn't some sort of tragic love triangle was it? I feel really sorry for you if it was. It is good that you can look past it and see her as a friend still.
It would be cool to see your DVD. I didn't know you were a filmmaker too! What kind of films do you make? What is your DVD about? It sounds interesting. I love director's cuts. Do you have a big screen? I hate watching movies on small TVs. I am sorry to hear that people are pirating it. It really sucks when people steal other people's intellectual property like that.
Sex before marriage is of no concern to me. People can do whatever they want in the privacy of their homes. Sex in general seems like a waste of time in my opinion. But like I said, they can do what they want. I have never watched a porno.
Speaking of other countries and patriotism, how much do you know about the Czech republic? I am always curious what people know about my country, or Europe. Have you been to Europe? Is there any place you would like to visit in Europe? We have so many nice things to see. Or maybe you would prefer a different continent? Speaking of Czech, I totally tried to bring back some Slivovica for your dad. But they took it at customs. I will try to bring another. If it doesn't work this time I will get my brother to bring some when he comes to visit me in November.
As far as the business model I would like to pursue, I want to maybe open a restaurant that features all kinds of Slavic and foods from my part of the world, OR something related to fashion. I think the fashion industry is boring, I would like to introduce something new but I have no really good ideas just yet. Have you thought about any general areas? I know you said you weren't sure, but I mean generally.
What kind of Canadian cartoons have you watched? Or British ones other than Danger Mouse?
Glad to hear you like metal. I like quite a bit of it. Among other stuff. Mostly indie.
Hey do you play any sports? I love sports. I have just been getting into American Football. It seems pretty complicated. I haven't decided if I like it or not yet. It seems interesting anyway. I heard a lot of American men have played football in high school, did you by any chance?
Here's a question I keep hearing a lot in America: If you could have a dinner party and invite 3 people... anyone you want... living or dead... who would it be? Myself, I picked Vaclav Havel, Robo Kazik, Ernest Hemingway and Golda Meir. I know that's 4... yes I cheated. And you?
Do you own a gun? It seems like a lot of people here do. I'm not judging on it or anything, I'm just curious. A lot of people seem to have them. Would you ever buy one? I never thought about it myself, but one of my friends suggest I come out with her to the shooting range.
Oh, and my brother was a bit curious about your artistic process, what goes through the head of an artist when he is thinking of what to draw?
My dad got your email by the way, he let me know today that he received it. He says he is going to have his assistant look it over the start of the business day. He was really excited about the prospect of hiring an American at his company.
Glad you are looking forward to the house-warming party. It is going to RULE!!!!! I can't wait. As for what to bring... I dunno, what do Americans usually bring to parties? We do need to get some alcohol. Would you mind picking it up? It's just that most of us are under 21. If you are worried about it say no. I love America but it has some pretty dumb laws.
Anyway, back to the books... again :(
Have fun talking to my dad or his assistant :)
Mám rád zozadu,
Regina
Mám rád zozadu translates to "I like it doggystyle", a bizarre mix of czech and slovak with the verb "mám rád" (I like) used in it's masculine form, and the "sex in general seems like a waste of time in my opinion" was likely either a translation error or her messing with Chris.
This and later evidence points to her being a potential troll.
Chris wants sex, played football with girls
I wouldn't really call myself a filmmaker, but I have created some documentry-like films that are on the DVD and saved as video files on my PS3, along with the newer videos I created since then. In a nutshell, the DVD is essentially the videos I put together, the two TV News Segments I was portrayed in, and slideshows of still photos and pics with good tunes and a pretend Radio Show I created onto Audio Cassette over a decade ago. It's more or less sort of a "Best Of" type of thing. I have a Sony HD TV, about 40 or 46" wide.
In my humble opinion, I am okay with sex before marriage too. I do not feel that it is a waste of time; I feel the intercourse between loving couples who deeply care about each other is truly special, and is essentially a truly magical connection between them. Although as for those who may not feel like that during intercourse, they still get sensations that just feel totally awesome between each other.
I have not been to Europe, and I can learn more about the Czech Republic from your point of view in addition to what you've previously shared with me. :) I do not currently have a favorite location in Europe, but if I had the chance, I would enjoy visiting the other countries. Although, I would like to visit England and Japan; England being the origin of my mother's half of the family, and I'd like to sample more of the video games only available in Japan, and see their technology that the US doesn't have yet. IDK about my father being able to take in any alcohol at his age, but I know he would appreciate the gesture, and I can get a chance to sample the slivovich for myself with you. :)
You have made some good choices in your possible carrer pursuit. :) Perhaps you and I can put our minds together and make either one happen for you. As for me, something in Artistry or Comic Publications is one idea of mine, or maybe use my CADD degree and go into designing or something.
One Canadian cartoon I can recall the name of right-off is Bob and Margaret, and there was this one of two short cartoons that featured this blue dog who gets adopted into a family who is danger prone with lots of accidents; the dog protects his family and the baby.
I like Basketball, Volleyball and Baseball, and I have ice skated at the rink at the Downtown Mall. I've played football for a short while at High School, but I was not all that into it. And during that time in the P.E. class, I was placed on special request on the girl's team, which was better; I did not care to be tackled or rough-housed like they did on the boy's team. Football is okay; I'm just not all that into it.
I would invite Britney Spears, Pamela Anderson and Amy Jo Johnson (the original Pink Ranger on the "Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers"). For my fourth, though, I would invite Vanessa Hudgens.
I do not currently own a real gun, but I have had target practice in video games like "Duck Hunt" (NES) and on a few Wii games too; I'm fairly good. I may consider buying a gun, but not right now.
My artistic process... I think of story pieces, I note them, and when I draw them up, I add more to them; beginning and end (or middle and either if the piece is beginning or end). There are more details, but I'm not sure how to phrase them at this time. But mostly, it just comes to me. :)
I would be happy to bring some beer or wine to the party; just let me know which brand of beer (or white wine) strikes y'all's fancy good.
I gtg for now; I need a shower. I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe,
Love and Peace,
Chris.
Regina confirms asexuality
Ok, sorry I guess I misunderstood what you meant by making a DVD. So this is like a series of short films and a collection of other stuff.
So you were on the news? How did you manage that? What were you on the news for?
Oh wow, you have a big TV. It must be pretty good for video games. I
have never had a TV that big.
Ok, maybe some people are into the whole sex thing. But personally I
have no interest. I think bothering with something like that would
distract me from other more important social relationships. More
importantly it would probably distract me from improving myself. That
energy could be put to good use for a lot of other things. And I
doubt it would really change much. If you care for a person then sex
shouldn't be so important. Just an option. A lot of people seem to
think that having sex will change things. I would bet a lot of money
that it doesn't.
That is too bad that your dad can't drink any Slivovica. I guess I
can still try to smuggle some in and you can try it. It is best to
try the original Czech stuff. They say Slivovica is good for your
health and helps you live longer. Europe really is the best place to
go. A lot of Americans came to Prague looking for adventure and they
always found it. I know a bunch of them who actually settled down in
the Czech republic and got married or started new careers.
Thanks for the input on my possible career choices. What have you
been doing in the way of starting your business related to artistry or
design? Oh, speaking of which, have you talked much to my dad? He
loves America but I hope he is not being a weirdo about it. Or maybe
you spoke to his assistant.
So what reasons do you have for inviting Britney Spears, Pamela
Anderson and Amy Jo Johnson to your dinner party? What is your
motivation for having them there? What kind of questions would you
ask them? Why only media personalities? I'm very intrigued and
curious.
So you might buy a gun in the future? What kind of gun do you think
you would buy? Would you be getting it for protection or sport? What
exactly do you think about gun control? Personally I don't care
either way. I have never owned one but my father is an avid hunter.
He was a sharpshooter when he did his military service.
I really don't know what kind of wine is good. Do you have any
recommendations? The girls need wine. I think most of the guys who
are coming will be bringing their own beer. I am responsible for
getting the girls drunk so I need someone to bring the white wine.
Very interesting info about your art process. Do you have a full
story arc planned and fill in little pieces or do you make them up as
you go along? What inspires you to draw these particular elements?
What kinds of symbols are you using in your art? I'm curious to see
what elements are symbolic of certain things I may not be catching. I
am not good at picking up on symbols when reading. Here's one thing I
was wondering, do your characters all have first, middle and last
names? Like is Sonichu just Sonichu or is he Mr. XXXXX XXXXX Sonichu. Or maybe Sonichu is his first name?
By the way I saw your video on Kacey. Everything you said was pretty
sweet but if you want to win her back you might want to just jump in
and tell her to come back to you. Girls love guys who can be strong
and tell them what they want. I bet if you are way more assertive
then she will see and admire that. It will probably make this other
guy shit his pants with fear too. I hope I am not out of place saying
that, I just thought I would offer my womanly opinion. I hope it was
of some help.
Hope everything else is great. :)
Peace and love as you say... or mier a láska as we would say in my
language. Oh, and here's one thing I want to teach you too. You
should start conversations with na zdar. It is a really cheerful
Czech greeting. It means "I wish you well" and it sounds really cool.
Ty kokot,
Regina
Key to understanding Regina: Ty kokot means "you cock", with the social impact of calling him a cunt. She likely uses this to mess with Chris, without him knowing it.
Chris weasels out of a job that is handed to him without reservation
I have been busy with my Sonichu stuff and other things. I have recently found peace of mind with the arrival of my Copyright Registeration Certificate from the VA Library of Congress for Sonichu. I am in work on making a presentation video and getting in touch with companies to make the merchandise and copies of my books and DVD.
Also, I apologize for not getting back to your father on the website job; I have thought a lot about it after reading the details his secretary e-mailed to me. I feel that is beyond my html skills, I apologize for that. But he can go onto websites like monster.com and find resumes for people who have exceptional html skills and such.
Please foward [sic] that paragraph and my humble apologies and regards to him for me; I have misplaced his address.
I have more e-mails to check, so I'll TTYL.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
Regina tried to get it through his damn dirty skull
Hey Christian,
I think you may have misread the description. The HTML skills are
just something basic, to make sure that people are familiar with the
medium. They need someone to write articles. Specifically articles
about gaming and technology. They just increased the salary too
because they can't find anyone to do it. It's at the point where they
need someone pretty badly, if you have some specific time requirements
or whatever you can let them know, but they will be flexible with it.
Along the lines of 10 articles a month shouldn't be too difficult.
You really should talk to Marketa and my dad again [REDACTED]
Anyway, how is everything else? Good to hear about your copyright.
How did things work out with Kacee?
Later,
Regina.
Chris mad
Gaming and technology articles? I thought your father was working in Ceramics.
Kacey went and married the brown-striped impostor who pretended to be me; his YouTube name is CChanSonichuCWC.
Further attempts from Regina to offer a dream job
Wow, that really, really sucks. Some people have pretty bad judgment. Did she explain why? Don't be too upset, there are plenty of fish in the sea.
Yes, my dad does make ceramics. But this is a NEW company. He is
trying to branch out into different areas to do with media and
technology because he is afraid that industrial products could one day
be all the domain of countries with poorer workforces. He wants to be
secure in the future and thinks getting into the tech industry is the
way to go. But they need someone who knows gaming and modern
technology AND is well spoken to kick off this first project. I guess
his assistant didn't explain it all too well.
Chris of course, ignored her. Proving that he couldn't care less about getting off the tugboat.
Regina resumes contact...
Anye new and fascinating news?
I bought a PSP. It is great for those stopovers on my flights to the
Czech Republic.
And opens the floodgates of boring conversation
That's neat; which model is it, because if it is a 2000, 3000 or PSP Go, you and I can talk to each other over Skype between our PSPs; ORIGINAL 1000 models are not Skype-Capable.
Also, I have been busy with my Sonichu stuff; I've just drew 4 pages and answered a bunch of fanmail on the Cwcipedia. But I am safe and well, thank you. :)
What do you say to setting up a dinner-date between you and me one day next week? This time, I'll come and pick you up, and I'll bring you back home on time safe.
I'll TTYL, XOXOXO,
Christian.
Regina dodges the would-be gropefest...
It is the PSP 3000 slim and bright or whatever it is called. I need to find some good games for it.
Glad to hear you are keeping busy. Me too. My studies are driving me
overboard. I think I will go nuts. I have had to reach out and help
my dad too since his new enterprise is going nowhere.
I really don't think a dinner date is a good idea given my total work
overload. Sorry to say it's email for now!
What else is new?
And gets even more bored with answers to questions nobody asked
One good place to look for a start is in the Playstation Store on the Playstation Network. This can be done on your PC or even on your PSP. If you haven't done so yet, you can create an account for yourself on your PSP, and download the most current version of MediaGo onto your PC from http://store.playstation.com. You can browse the store for downloadable games, demos and videos. Some content requires a one-time purchase; you may use your debit/credit card, or you may go to the local Best Buy, Sam's Club or GameStop and buy some PSN Cards with increments of 10, 20 or 50 dollars. Should you decide to use a debit/credit card directly, be warned that there will be an additional dollar put on hold for a while to verify the card. Funds can be added under "Account Management" on your PSP, or on MediaGo, under "Transaction Management" then "Transfer Funds" There, you can add increments of 5, 10, 20, 50 or even the maximum limit of the grand total in the PSN wallet of 150. And if you don't have enough in the virtual wallet, you will be prompted to add the difference from your card at checkout. There are games Exclusively for Download Only from the Playstation Store, so feel free to read all the details for each title. They even have PSOne classics playable on both Playstation 3 and PSP.
I also highly reccomend investing in a 16 GB Memory Stick Pro Duo, which is available at Best Buy or Wal-Mart, which at average is currently priced at around $100.
And, of course, GameStop is a drive-to destination for reccomended PSP UMD titles, which works for you since you have a PSP with a UMD drive (versus the PSP Go which does not have a UMD drive).
I have been a loyal PSN account holder and customer since I bought my PS3 back in March, 2007.
But I digress. I am safe and well, thank you. :) I am still hanging with my family and working on Sonichu. BTW, I am currently looking for people to video-interview (to be uploaded onto my YouTube) for their views on Sonichu and expanding business-wise with merchandise and such. If you have some friends who know Sonichu from my Cwcipedia, please ask them for me if they will volunteer their time. I would appreciate it very much. And your opinions count too, and if you are willing to volunteer yourself, I would appreciate that too.
I'll TTYL,
Stay Safe,
Christian.
Regina tries to be helpful
Hey!
That's pretty interesting. I talked to a few friends and contacts who
knew about Sonichu (I never realised how widespread it was, I thought
it was a bit more underground) and I have come up with about 10 (maybe
more) people who are all very keen on being interviewed. How many
people are you willing to accept? How much knowledge of Sonichu do
they have to have and do they need a webcam or is audio enough? Will
you be doing these interviews over Skype? I don't think I will have
time for an interview myself but what should I tell all these
interested parties?
ČAU!!!!
Regina
Chris promptly tries to get others to do the work for him
Please reply right after you read this. I would prefer in-person interviews with each one with me and my digital camera. Perhaps we can setup the on-the-street interviews for Wednesday or Thursday; I have a deadline of Friday for the full video. I would like to meet at the Downtown Mall by the old fountain (next to the Paramount Theatere) at about 3:00 PM, but please let me know which day is more agreeable between all the volunteers. Thank you soo much, Regina.
If you can find some free time, I'll gladly accept a video MP4 file of you sharing your opinions and thoughts on Sonichu expanding into the merchandise and all. You can film it, upload the file onto a Upload Site Server, send me the link to the video, and I'll download it to be added into the final video.
I'll TTYL,
Cau,
Christian.
Chris is afraid of a little rain
Just to let you know, the filming will have to be on Thursday since it is raining today. As an alternative, your friends may film their opinions and views on Sonichu in Merchandise, upload their files onto an upload server site and send me the links (preferably all links through you to me, so all of the links can be in one message).
Thank you again for your help.
Stay Safe, Cau,
Christian.
???
Ok, I think most, if not all, will have to use the alternative. I just got this message and the other one. Most of the people who want to be filmed don't live in your area, so coming to the mall is out of the question for them. SO you want them to just give their opinions or should I refer them to you to be interviewed via some online method?
Chris still doesn't really give a shit if people aren't doing something for him
I see, please let me know how many of them do live in the area. And please let those in other states know to make the videos of their opinions. I apologize for the inconvience, but their input will be most valued.
To change the subject a bit, are you planning on flying back to your family during the Holiday break? For me, it'll be another stay-at-home with my family thing for me; simple and good.
TTYL,
Cau,
Christian.
Some helpful advice that promptly gets ignored
Hey!
If I could make a bit of a recommendation, companies being pitched a
new product like to be shown the potential for expansion outside the
original fanbase. You should make a large survey of people who are
not familiar with Sonichu so that you can demonstrate how it can be
put into new households. They know that your current fans will buy it
but they need to be shown that it can pick up new buyers. Basic rule
of industry is that if you can't expand, then you should abandon the
project for something that will, otherwise it won't make money.
You should start polling strangers about Sonichu and offer them
something for their time, like a cookie or whatever.
See you later!
Regina
End of contact.
References
↑ [1]
↑ [2]
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Regina_e-mails&oldid=347623"