Title: Relics of Fail
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Relics_of_Fail
Categories: Articles of the Now, Hobbies, Media produced by Chris-chan, Relics of Fail
================================================================================

PROTIP:
Have you "discovered" a new Relic of Fail? Make sure it's considered a relic under the the Taxonomy of Fail.
The Relics of Fail, also known as Christorical Artifacts, are several items that Chris places significant emotional value on. Most of the fates of these relics are unknown following the 2014 house fire and the aftermath of the Jail Saga, but several relics, including the Sonic Totem, the Megatron Pistol and the Crumple-Lope are confirmed to have survived the fire, with others likely to have escaped serious damage as well.
Contents
1 Classics
2 Love Quest
3 Apparel
4 Gadgets
5 Art
6 Misc.
7 Transgender
8 Defense
9 Inventions
10 Shrines
11 References
Classics
Sonichu medallion, Mark 1
Plush Breasts
The Classic - Chris's famous blue, white and red rugby shirt. Formerly thought to have been destroyed during the fire of 2014, Chris later rediscovered it in a damp and grimy bag of clothes. Chris put it up for sale on eBay after "restoring" it by cleaning it and poorly patching it up. Despite these efforts, it was badly damaged beyond repair, and was later presumably thrown out by Barb.
CWC on TV DVD - A DVD composed of many home videos among other things, such as his Song of Christian.
Gitar - Apparently convinced this counts as a real guitar, Chris is often seen with his beloved Guitar Hero controller in attempts to look cool. It invariably has the opposite effect.
Pedo-Glasses - Have you ever noticed how most pedophiles and rapists in composite sketches wear these kinds of glasses? Yeah, don't think too hard about that.
Son-Chu - Chris's beaten old station wagon. Has been replaced four times over the years. Also appears in the comic as one of the Samurai Pizza Bots.
Sailor Moon Poster - Chris used this poster to stay straight.
Li'l Chris - A stuffed bear created at Create-a-Critter Workshop.
Clown Doll - A harmless-looking clown doll, significant in that it often bears the brunt of Chris's fury in his many rage videos. Its hat was bitten off by him at one point.
Fapcup - A plastic cup used by Chris to collect his semen for recycling.
Megatron Pistol - A toy handgun Chris uses to threaten his most hated foes.
Other miscellaneous toys - Too many to count; can be seen in Chris's videos and photographs cluttering all over his room. The most notable ones have been listed in this article.
Sex toys - Lots and lots of sex toys, including sex dolls, a vibrator, a dildo, a penis pump, a strap from the dildo, anal beads, cock rings and two Fleshlights.
Autism Papers - Presumably papers detailing Chris's exact psychological diagnosis. While a psychiatric survey from 2004 has been procured, the original papers documenting Chris's diagnosis were locked away in a filing cabinet in Bob's room. The papers are currently presumed missing after Bob's death and the house fire of 2014.
Transcripts and Report Cards - Chris's transcripts and report cards, to verify whether if he was indeed on honor roll and to what degree his claims about his high school grades are true.
Love Quest
Son-Chu
Attraction Sign - A relic of days past when Chris had not yet been told by his mother that soliciting using a sign made him look retarded. Many versions existed, most were destroyed. The most recent sighting of this to date was at Fridays After Five in 2010.
Heart Torch - An odd-looking creation, though more original than most of his works. Born of Pixelblocks, it is used in the comics to summon his twin sister, Crystal.
Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares - A short tract produced by Chris and given as a birthday gift to his gal-pal Sarah Nicole Hammer. The document chronicles the lives of its two title characters and the (almost non-existent) relationship they had while depicting them (and several of their friends and family) as Sonichu characters. The tract's current fate is unknown, although it is more than likely to have been thrown away by Sarah shortly after receiving it.
Medallions - Hunks of Crayola-brand modeling clay fashioned into the shape of Sonichu's head, among other characters' heads. Once believed by trolls to be the source of his power, though they were swiftly corrected when Chris began showing off the Amnyfest Ring to show that his videos are true and honest. Chris eventually began production selling new medallions on eBay in 2014.
Letters to sweethearts.
Condoms - Never used correctly, Chris once used one that Mia Hamm, the hooker he lost his virginity to, purchased.
Receipts from Ohio trip - Chris bought some food from Sonic on the way to Cleveland.
Apparel
Amnyfest Ring - Since the Sonichu medallions were stolen, Chris has claimed this mysteriously-named high school ring is the TRUE source of his power. He has since put the ring up on eBay, claiming his true source of power is within himself.
Sonichu medallion - A medallion Chris crafted himself from CRAYOLA FUCKIN' MODEL MAGIC AND ACRYLIC PAINT. The medallion used to store his power to transform into Chris-chan Sonichu, before it was revealed that it was actually the above ring.
Anime Wings - A pair of women's hairclips that Chris got at Anime Mid-Atlantic. For some reason, Chris felt the need to incorporate them into his comic.
Belt Buckle - Not a very well-known relic, but nonetheless extremely amusing.
Magic stones - Chris owns some quartz crystals which he can store energy in and get more energy out from.
Sonichu Shoes - Chris' shoes that are painted with Sonichu colours, Jacob Sockness purchased the first pair when they were worn out.
Unicorn cosplay - A set of unicorn ears, a horn, and a tail that Chris got at BronyCon 2017. Chris has since worn these accessories outdoors, and even to church, where he was asked to remove it.
Gadgets
PS3 - Chris's life upgrade, and arguably one of the biggest drains on his monthly tugboat. He went through two PS3s.
PSEye - The window through which trolls can catch glimpses of Chris and his day-to-day life.
Apple Products - Chris likes Apple, and owns a lot of their products, including (as of 2018) two iPhones, one public and one private.
PSP - Yet another drain on Chris's tugboat. He, in typical fashion, decorated it with images of his flagship character and his own face.
Homemade CDs - Chris has made a life out of burning homemade CDs with his own crappy artwork on it. The most notable ones are Christian's Favorite Hits!, which saw the birth of everybody's favorite Electric Hedgehog Pokémon, Sonichu, and Three-Quarter Woman, a CD supposedly made for his sweetheart Catherine, but in reality was all about him. His other CDs wouldn't have their tracklists publicly released until Chris listed them for sale on Cwclight. One particularly interesting one is Songs Between Friends: A CD for Christian & Sarah, whose existence and date were only previously known by a drawing from Chris's Scrapbook; the tracks all consist of late '90s/early '00s teen pop, and Chris's own contribution to that scene.
Pokéwalker - A Pokéball-shaped pedometer originally packaged with the Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver games, recolored in the image of one of the seven Sonichu Balls.
Wiimote - Like the PSP and Guitar Hero controller, this poor Wiimote has been decked out in Sonichu colors and was used in Chris's attempts to get Miyamoto to make him a video game. Chris later sold the Wiimote and his console altogether in 2018.
Various video games and their respective consoles - Thousands of dollars have been spent on them, most of it right from the pockets of either his parents, or American taxpayers. Chris one time sold some of those games and consoles to Snooky's Pawn Shop, where they were later obtained by Clyde Cash.
PS4 - Chris' current main gaming console and is also used to make the majority of his videos.
Nintendo Switch - Nintendo's latest gaming console, and given to Chris by enablers.
Xbox One - A console Chris went from severely hating to eventually being okay with.
Fitbit - A gadget to help Chris get healthier.
Gaming Laptop - A laptop that Half-Life 2 has probably still not been played on.
DSi and 3DS - Nintendo handheld consoles that Chris has used for Flipnote Hatena in the past.
Commodore 64 - A very old home computer that Chris believes he is the goddess equivalent to due to the Idea Guys's influence.
Art
Scrapbook - A three-ring binder containing all of Chris's comic pages and other drawings.
The Crumple-Lope - an envelope residing in the Scrapbook of Fail that stored some of Chris's most-regretted drawings, including a "torn-up" (actually later found to be neatly cut into squares) ShecameforCWC.JPG. Even after the 14 Branchland Court fire, it still happens to be intact.
Oversized Drinking Straw - Even the simple task of drawing a straight line to depict a drinking straw evades Chris.
Original hand drawn copies of Sonichu - That are superior to all forms of digital artwork, since they don't have the original pencil markings. Nobody can copy Chris' hand drawn style, no matter how hard you try.
Sonic Totem - A demonic looking papier-mâché Sonic that Chris made, and appears in few videos. It has since been sold for $1,500 on eBay.
Hand-drawn Nintendo Power issue - A lengthy homemade issue of Nintendo Power, crafted to show Sonic ditching Sega to join Nintendo and revealing a little bit of what Chris wants in a Sonichu game.
Lego figures - Chris had created Lego minifigures which are made to look like the people in his life and his original characters.
Manchester High school lego building - Chris spent many hours creating his high school out of Lego, which is estimated to have cost him $1,000 if all of the LEGO sets were purchased at retail price.
Amiibo of CWCville characters - Chris has modified Amiibos- figures of characters from Nintendo games- to look like his original characters.
Misc.
Patti's corpse and doghouse - Chris's beloved dog who is buried in the Chandlers' backyard under her doghouse.
Locks of Chris's hair - Probably the only Relic to have been obtained by trolls which actually comes from Chris's own body.
Gift Basket of Fail - In a private facebook note, Chris said that he had given a gift basket to the woman who took his virginity. This relic might not actually exist, as some suspect that "gift basket" is actually a euphemism for payment given to a prostitute. Alternatively, some suspect that Chris had made up the story of how he lost his virginity and that it didn't happen at all.
Voodoo torture chamber - Chris used black magic to curse some of the people he didn't like by putting voodoo-like effigies in a chamber.
Holy Labels - Soda labels blessed by Chris and sent to some who wrote him letters in jail.
Transgender
The Un-clit - A piercing on Chris's perineum that was made on 15 September 2014. Chris believed that this piece of metal will be useful to him should he engage in tribadism with a female.[1] It later became inflamed, prompting Chris to re-pierce it, and then later on remove it.
Samples of Chris's Semen - a video that was uploaded on 26 February 2016 reveals that Chris has been saving samples of his semen and storing them in his home fridge.[2] In the video Chris showed two samples of semen, one that was produced recently and another one from 18 May 2015.
Muscle Bra - A bra that Chris wears to keep his manboobs in check. He believes that everyone will be turned gay if they don't wear one, too.
Hillary Clinton Woman card - A card Chris uses to prove that he is, in fact, a woman.
Plush Breasts - A pair of fake breasts often seen in his classic videos, possibly used as a sign of heterosexual virility and as a mass debating tool. Later worn by Chris during his time as a Tomgirl.
Defense
Pocket knife - A knife that Chris can't handle at all.
Pepper spray - A weapon of self defense that Chris has used illegally in the past.
Baseball bat - Chris has carried this around as a self defense weapon in the past, noting his own paranoia.
Inventions
Nikola Tesla, another famous inventor who had a mental disorder. The similarities end at this point. However, Chris does have one thing in common with Tesla's rival Thomas Edison...
“
"Necessity is the mother of invention", and I have invented quite a few crafts that have served me well.
”
Chris's reply to "Leonardo da Vinci", CWCipedia Mailbag.
Chris is truly a renaissance man, with many inventions to his credit. He draws comics, makes videos, is an accomplished singer, models sculptures out of clay, provides voices for the Official Videobooks, and much more. But being the second son of the outstanding inventor Bob Chandler, the man who designed controls for plastic water container molding machines (without which Chris would have no cup from which to drink his navy), our hero just couldn't suppress his natural talent to invent. Thus, Chris added being an inventor extraordinaire to his long list of "accomPLISHments."
In November 2009, Chris received an e-mail from a fan roleplaying as the late Leonardo da Vinci, one of the great artists with whom Chris has compared himself in the past (managing to forget the great Italian's name and misspell his surname). Leo ironically stated that he considers Chris his "artistic equal", and asked if the autistic genius has a similar knack to making inventions, for which Leonardo himself was famous. Being the egotistical and vain person he is, Chris could not allow even Leonardo da Vinci to excel him in any field. Chris was quick to assure Mr. da Vinci in his Mailbag reply that he is, indeed, an inventor as well, and proceeded to list three of the most outstanding of his inventions.
The Four Great Inventions of Christian Weston Chandler
I. The "One set of Inventions" including:
Sonichu;
Rosechu;
City of CWCville. (Not really inventions so much as they are fictional concepts, and incredibly derivative ones, at that.) Of course, given Chris's tenuous grasp on reality, he may not realize this.
II. A "heavy-duty case", "built from Legos and held together with tape", whose main purpose is "to hold [his] 20+ Pok'emon [sic] Trading Card Game Decks with an area designed for damage counters, die and such". This is something that may have been a significant accomplishment for say, a 9-year-old, but when a 28-year-old man lists something he built with Lego as an "invention," it can only evoke facepalming. Moreover, Chris did not invent Legos; he merely put them together.
III. The Dating Education Class, which is purely theoretical, and therefore hasn't even been invented yet.
IV. The iDea Book Case, whose main purpose is to store Chris's iOS products, Chris has two of them.
Shrines
The Wall of Originals - A monument to the wastes of time known as Chris's original Pokémon cards.
Megan Shrine - Chris's display of his disturbing obsession with the one girl he thought he truly had a chance at, but never will.
Jakoba shrine - Chris possibly has a shrine to Jacob Sockness' OC Jakoba, an all powerful being that is trying to stop the Dimensional Merge.
References
↑ September 2014 Facebook Posts#Introducing the Un-clit
↑ Chris's Specimen Sample
v • d • e
Relics of Fail
Identity
Business card • Classic Shirt • Medallions • Amnyfest Ring • "CWC on TV" DVD • Son-Chu • Christine Doll • Skylanders avatar • Love is Love comic • Magic stones • Goddess Log • Jail Letter Gifts
Love Quest
Attraction Sign ♥️ Red String of Fate ♥️ Heart Torch ♥️ Plush boobs ♥️ Sailor Moon poster ♥️ Naru
Transgender
Muscle bra •
Un-clit •  Frozen semen samples •  Negligee
Toys
Commodore 64 • PlayStation consoles (PS Move •  PSEye) •  Wii Remote of Fail • Pokéwalker •  Li'l Chris •  Gitar •  Z-Ring
Art
Sonic Totem • Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares •  Drinking Straw •  Scrapbook • Hand-drawn Nintendo Power • iDea Book Case •  Autographed Photos • Sonichu Amiibo • Schooldesk
Rage
Megatron pistol •  Pocket knife •  Clown Doll •  Lego Voodoo torture chamber •  Pepper spray •  Apology Letters •  Unban contracts •  Pmurt effigy •
Baseball bat
Fashion
$400 gold necklace •  Anime Wings • Belt buckle •  Pedo-Glasses •  I'm Done Adulting t-shirt •  Hair •  Unicorn cosplay
Other
Apple products‎‎ • Treadmill
Shrines of Fail
The Wall of Originals (list) •  The Megan Shrine
The Holy Fails
Autism papers •  Crumple-Lope •  Transcripts and report cards • Manchester High Leaks
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Relics_of_Fail&oldid=353752"