Title: Sachumo Interview
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sachumo_Interview
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2017, Interview videos, People
================================================================================

Sachumo is the creator of a documentary about Chris. He also conducted an interview with Chris on 21 October 2017.
Contents
1 Interview
1.1 Transcript
1.2 Intro (0:01:44-0:03:31)
1.3 Chris Chan Documentary and My Little Pony (0:03:31-0:10:18)
1.4 Barb interrupts My Little Pony discussion (0:10:18-0:12:06)
1.5 Hypothetical Sonichu animation (0:12:06-0:19:20)
1.6 Sonichu lore (0:19:20-0:25:24)
1.7 Sexuality and political correctness (0:25:24-)
2 See also
Interview
Sachumo - Chatting With Chris Chan
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
21 October 2017
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Re-enactment - Gingers Have Souls
next CopperCab interview
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Intro (0:01:44-0:03:31)
Sachumo: Alright, here we go. Alright, we're gonna start real soon... okay. Can you hear me?
Chris: Yes, I can hear you. This mu-, uh, much better now.
Sachumo: There we go, fantastic, I'm glad we fixed it. Alright, I'm gonna do a little bit of an intro and just... all the people watching... welcome to the Sachumo livestream, I hope you all... uh... are... are... I hope you all enjoy this opportunity to come out and see what we're gonna be doing. Uh, right now, we're just going to have a little chat. I mean, this has been... a long time coming, don't you think?
Chris: Yeah.
Sachumo: Mm-hmm. A lot of people have wanted us to finally just talk and... you know what... just why not. We'll just talk. That's, that's what I wanted to do, you know.
Chris: Yeah.
Sachumo: Have some fun, um. Alright, it's hard to read the chat. There is a lot of people watching right now. Oh my god. Okay. I can't even read the chat. Okay. Uh. Alright, so we're here with the famous Christine Christian Chris-Chan Christopher Ricardo... Weston Chandler. (laughs) You have many names.
Chris: Hey everybody. (stress sigh) (laughs) Yeah. That... just go with my current one, I think.
Sachumo: Christine...
Chris: Hey everybody.
Sachumo: Yup... chat... chat is like usual, saying some very odd stuff. Um... Yep, I can never... I can never control them, no matter how hard I try, but you know... you know how the Internet is.
Chris: Yup, it's a little crazy.
Chris Chan Documentary and My Little Pony (0:03:31-0:10:18)
Sachumo: Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, for those of you who don't know, uh, but do know about Christine, I'm the creator of the Christian Weston Chandler documentary that was posted in 2015 I think? When I was around 15-16, I made it for a high school project... um... and... here we are almost three years later.
Chris: Yeah, about that.
Sachumo: Mm-hmm.
Chris: That's a good deal.
Sachumo: Mm-hmm.
Chris: I mean the documentary was, uh, good, at least the first 50-55 percent of it, and then it just kinda ended up cringeworthy to me, but, uh, I feel like, with my input and everything, we can... we can make it better. Make a better documentary.
Sachumo: Yeah, definitely. Um... yeah, if I like, assemble the crew or something, we got... if we got some funding, then you know... why not? Just do it... an interview for a day or two... and then we go home and I edit something together. But uh... it's nice to finally get to talk to you. Um... I've always imagined... what this would be like... and I never expected it... to be honest, because it, it... because eh... it's hard to describe... it's like... you've only heard about someone, but when you finally meet them, it's different than everything you'd expect.
Chris: Ha! I know, you're just like, "Whee!" in the mind, and so happy and so excited! But then you reali- but then you start calming down and realize, "Well, it's happening, it's good. It's a good thing. I'm calming down, this is finally happening, been waiting for this forever." And... it's all good, and everything.
Sachumo: Yeah... Exact- like when you meet, um... Did you ever meet Tara Strong?
Chris: No, I haven't had that pleasure yet.
Sachumo: Mm. Uh, I was trying to make a, uh... maybe a comparison but... when... when you meet someone you... you look up to, it... there... You realize they're people. You know? You don't see them as, like, these entertainers in the video. You see them... as people! Which really is a... an odd experience.
Chris: Yeah, actually we can- we can find a good comparison with that when I met uh... Kelly Sheridan and... Cathy Weseluck at the BronyCon last August.
Sachumo: Mm. I'm...
Chris: Oh, and, uh... when... and... and I met... and I got to listen to Cathy at her... panel before uh... getting her- before uh, getting her to autograph... my copy of Sonichu #0 on the inside cover.
Sachumo: Mm! You got her to autograph it!
Chris: [talking over Sachumo] And having- and having a picture taken, since... Uh, I had her do that since it's- she voices Spike as well as the May- as well as Mayor Mare and Coco Pommel. Uh, Spike loves his comic books!
Sachumo: Mhm. Mhm. I- I remember watching the show a little bit, when I was... I think, like, thirteen, back in 2011. I watched the first two seasons, 'cause I wa- Di- You remember when bronies were, like, the big thing, you know? They were really huge back then in 2011.
Chris: Still going on, bronies and pegasisters all alike.
Sachumo: Yeah, there's- there's still a lot of them, but, I remember, like, everybody [Chris's dog howls in the background.] in 2011 was a brony. Everyone. It's a pretty wild time.
Chris: Yeah. You know a fun fact about, uh, bronies in generation 1 My Little Pony, they were introduced in episode
all in one herd, these male ponies, coming in, and then they all start saving the day of all the bullies to get possessed by something magical and, uh, deceptive carnival.
Sachumo: Mm. I- I...
Chris: So that- so... so that should- so that- should more accurately be where the term "bronies" come from, that ep- that classic G1 episode.
Sachumo: Mhm. Mhm. I think I remember that, um, I- I- I remember, my favorite character was the one with the rainbow tail? Um...
Chris: Hm.
Sachumo: I forgot her name. I know her name has rainbow in it...
Chris: (Sigh) It can't be Rain- I don't thi- I don't know if it's Rainbow Dash.
Sachumo: That's right! It's Rainbow Dash, that was my favorite character.
Chris: Oh, were you talking about G4? I'm talking about- I'm talking G1. So, you kinda skip-
Sachumo: Oh, G1. Yeah. Mhm. Well, that- that's more, uh, your era cuz- you were around when, uh, being a brony wasn't like, it wasn't like, the big thing it is now. It was- especially before the new show came out, you know what I mean?
Chris: Yeah. I was amongst the classics born 1982... and you've still got a lot of learning to go, young fella.
Sachumo: Yeah... I'm only 19 right now. Um...
Chris: Got a lot to learn, so much more wisdom to pick up for yourself, and share with others.
Sachumo: Mhm. Um... so... what- what was your- what was your favorite, uh, the new generation episode? Uh, just- just out of curiosity, cuz I think mine- mine was, uh, the one where they prepare for winter.
Chris: Winter wrap up, winter wrap up!
Sachumo: Mhm. Yeah, that one, that one. Mhm. What is- so what- what's, uh, what's your favorite episode? Cuz I- I- I- I got to check out the series again.
Chris: (Sigh) Yeah, you gotta catch up, we're up- we're- just finishing season seven right now... and the movie just came out earlier this month, the new movie... and you got the four Equestria girls movies, and the specials, and all the sh- music video shorts, and other not-music video shorts aside from that... you really gotta catch up!
Sachumo: Yeah, I've been watching, um, Avatar lately... Avatar: The Last Airbender. Have you- have you seen that?
Chris: I've heard of- I've heard of Avatar, I haven't really gotten much into it.
Sachumo: Mhm. It's pretty- it's pretty good. I've seen uh... the first season was kind of, uh, kind of underwhelming, because I guess- I guess it was like a kid- it was- at that time, when- when you start a pilot or a new show you can't- you can't really push the boundaries of the FCC, especially with kid shows... and then as the series went on it got a lot better. Right now I'm season three... it's- it's pretty good.
Chris: Okay, quite so... but anyway, my favorite, uh, My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic episode, I have a combina- I actually have two favorites, uh, my earlier favorite, uh, I'd have to give it to Slice of Life, which was episode one hundred.
Sachumo: Mhm.
Barb interrupts My Little Pony discussion (0:10:18-0:12:06)
Chris: It brought six of our favorite background ponies to the spotlight. Derpy and Dr. Hooves, and uh, Lyra and Bon Bon, and Octavia and Vinyl. (sigh) Would you excuse me just for a second? My mom wants me. What is it, mom? [Chris leaves to talk to Barb, their conversation unintelligible.]
Sachumo: Alright. I'll read the chat for now. "Don't talk about My Little Pony..." Um, we're just- we're just- we're just talking, I wanna, y'know... I wanna talk about what Chris wants to talk about, it's- it's not about... y'know... it's not about... the other stuff. Um.
Chris: Alright, I'm back. Sorry about that, my mom was calling down to me. I had- had to check on her... (sigh) but anyway...
Sachumo: Mhm. Yeah, how's your mom doing?
Chris: She's okay. She's, uh, she's going on- well, she just turned... I keep misremembering! Uh, she just turned 76 earlier this month.
Sachumo: 76. Wow.
Chris: Yeah, but anyway- anyway, I liked Slice of Life cuz not only- yeah, they brought the six background ponies, including my favorite, uh, Vinyl Scratch, or DJ Pon3 also known... I also like Octavia Melody, I definitely like Derpy Muffins. Derpy thy name is Muffins!
Sachumo: (laughs)
Chris: Yeah, but anyway- anyway, that was a good episode.
Sachumo: Yeah.
Chris: And, uh, I also, uh, did like, uh, the, uh, one that came up- brought up in season seven, we finally get introduced to Apple Jack's parents... Perfect Pear, there it is... but my favorite, uh, episode, I definitely- would definitely have to give it to, because it relates to me so much, and means a lot to so many people, Fame and Misfortune.
Hypothetical Sonichu animation (0:12:06-0:19:20)
Sachumo: Interesting. Someone just, uh- someone just asked, they wanted to do a... animated series on the first issue of Sonic- or I mean Sonichu, god... it- it- it's a tongue twister almost, um... Yeah, what do you think of, uh, what do you think about people making animations? Cuz I think that would be a good idea... Cuz Sonichu has-
Chris: Yeah!
Sachumo: -a lot of- of action that could be, y'know... cuz it- it's like two- two franchises that are both pretty awesome, action-packed, you got Pokémon and Sonic, and then- if- if you put them together it would be y'know, double- double the action.
Chris: Yeah, plus he has his actually- has his own life as, uh, expressed, uh, be- ever since- over the years in book 0... but yeah, I would definitely like to see a good animated series of Sonichu, um... Eventually, I mean- you can put it on YouTube and have somebody else temporarily voice Sonichu, and- or... Hm... I guess, you could let- you could- I- or I guess if, uh, I- I see the pilot of the animat- of the animated show and see that is was actually good to the source material, and full of the heart and love of passion, not just slapped-dashed together like Teen Titans Go.
Sachumo: Hm. You don't like that, do you?
Chris: I like- I like- I like Teen Titans... but, um, I kinda agree it's just, uh, not much, uh, soul put into the, uh, project... more like just a bunch of random jokes and gags it seems.
Sachumo: Mhm. Mhm. I used to really-
Chris: Yeah.
Sachumo: -like, uh, Teen Titans but I've heard- I've heard pretty bad things about the new- the new, uh- can- can you even call it a reboot? It's more like a butchering of the original show.
Chris: A deboot.
Sachumo: Yeah, a deboot.
Chris: Das Boot.
Sachumo: Das Boot, yeah.
Chris: (laughs) Das booted, ouch! You kicked me in the heinie!
Sachumo: (laughs) Would- would you let, um... oop, one second.
Chris: Uh, go ahead.
Sachumo: Uh, usually when I go silent it's cuz someone- uh, uh, ask a super chat question or something. Uh, someone asked, didn't you describe Sonichu's voice as like, uh, like yours but a little higher pitched? Is- is that true?
Chris: Yeah. Yeah, I would definitely say quite a bit, uh, for me to voice Sonichu, uh, give a moment I will have to get into character.
Sachumo: Yeah, so you've done this- you've done Sonichu before, like the voice.
Chris: [Chris does his Sonichu voice.] Well at least I done it in practice! This is me, I'm Sonichu, I zap to the extreme, and I'll zap Kel to the extreme if she puts Rosey in the PC box but she never will because she crushed the Pokéball Rosey was in, but Rosey was out of it... I misspoke on that one but it's okay, I'm not perfect I just keep on going, I'm running, I'm doing good, I'm a good dad to my Roberta, Sarah, and Christine, and they doing great, and I love my wife so much, even though ma- how- big she gets! I had a nightmare recently- I had the nightmare years ago as talked about in the recently released number twelve book! Awesome book! It's Christ- it's our Christine Chandler's love letter to the LGBTQ community, with so much, uh, going on from my kids as well, it's a really good book. If you wanna see how Sarah and Christine evolved, you'd have to watch- check out book eleven before that!
Sachumo: Mm. That was- see, I can imagine it like that, because you're so connected to Sonichu. Especially in the comics, you're kinda- it's almost like a- like a soul bond between each other. You know what I mean? And, um, not like a relationship-
Chris: Yes.
Sachumo: -but like you know, you guys... are close.
Chris: Yes. Psychic link.
Sachumo: Right, right, and... So I would imagine it's similar to your voice. But so- you know- I mean, why not voice it?
Chris: Yeah, I mean, plus I just gave you the example, you just- you might wanna play that back after, uh, having this thing fully recorded, uploaded later, like y'know, me as Sonichu just a moment ago and me normal right now.
Sachumo: Right, right.
Chris: Anyway, that's it- anyway, that's the big difference there. Uh, yes, uh, ever since the beginning when I came up with Sonichu on the fateful March 17, 2000, we had become psychically linked between the dimensions of, uh, where his por- where the- where the portion is where Cwcville will reside, um, ended up, uh, being more specifically located in Virginia, the North part, just opposite the, uh, Southern shore of Maryland.
Sachumo: Hm, okay. Um, someone just asked have you watched JoJo's Bizarre Adventure?
Chris: Uh, I have heard of it but I have not watched it.
Sachumo: It's a pretty good series, um.
Chris: I know- I know in Excel Saga- parodied JoJo.
Sachumo: Mhm. Mhm. Uh, yeah, I've seen it, uh, a little bit. I- I- I think it's an alright show, but there's a lot of iterations of it, um.
Chris: "Il Palazzo!"
Sachumo: Hm.
Chris: (chuckles) Not really. "I'll tell this world who's corrupt! And we must do what we can to seize and rule the world so we can make it a whole lot less corrupt. Are you with me, Excel?" "Yes, Il Palazzo, I am!"
Sachumo: (laughs) Someone just said that this day is more historic than the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Chris: Oh dear.
Sachumo: (laughs) Yeah, I- this is- this is something people have talked to me about for a long time. I'm- I'm sure people have asked you about it, uh, you know, over the years to watch the- the movie, but... I- I- it's- it's gotten almost like, uh, a joke now of how- how much people ask me to get your opinion on it, and when it's finally happened, people don't know what to do with it! They're like "Please, we wanna hear his reaction!" and then, um, and then once that's over, it just- it- it just- it doesn't fulminate into anything. Like, uh, they wanna hear Christine, they wanna hear what you have to think, and it just- it just ends up being... what's the word? Uh...
Chris: It's eh, it ends up being, uh, you're finally satisfied but because it's over you held onto the expectation for such a long time, you lose the expectation because it's done and over with, you're like "Eh!"
Sachumo: Yeah, exactly! Cuz, it- it- they expects- they expect it to be this momentous thing, we finally get to talk, and what do we talk about? My Little Pony. I mean, why not. It's fun. Y'know, I don't wanna, you know, interrogate you.
Chris: Yeah, we're having fun.
Sachumo: Yeah.
Chris: We're doing good, this is okay.
Sonichu lore (0:19:20-0:25:24)
Sachumo: Someone asked me, um, what my favorite character of Sonichu was, and... that's a good question. I think I liked, um, uh, Mary Lee Walsh mostly. Uh, just because- you know, people have criticized you over the years of- of, kind of interjecting your own personal life into the comic, but I kind of think that's cool because it's- it's in a way it's taking your life and making it this big action adventure, you know?
Chris: (sigh) Yes, plus we didn't- plus, uh, when I started- when I started the book series I originally did not have much to go on in the character range. I mean essentially when I started book 0 all I had was Sonichu, Rosechu, and Blake, and myself, and even Naitsirhc, and, uh, I ended up bringing Slaweel Ryam into the mix... and finally coming up with the whole- with the differing villain character Count Graduon. The entity and soul has been trapped in that spear for many, many a year, encapsulated there by the Cherokees after having- after having been possessing, and- and archeologists who uncovered the orb when it was- covered in his soul from a different encapsulation when it was- when he was in England, back during the castle days... and before he- before his soul was put into there after he was beheaded, he was the dark magician! He could never feel love! And there is a word I learned recently about that, which I'll tell y'all in just a moment, but yeah he could never feel love, and he can- he just- and all he could feel was neutral or hatred, eh, I mean, he could identify love from other people but it's like he could never feel it for himself... but- and of course, he was like "Okay, well if I can't feel love, then nobody else will either!" and that's essentially the premise of why the bad guys wanna make finding true love and all that illegal in Virginia and worldwide.
Sachumo: Mhm. Mhm.
Chris: (sigh) Typical villainy. Anyway, yes, uh, as I have learned from, uh, Super Planet Dolan, their upcoming episode, which I got to see early on, uh, Patreon, apparently there is a mental condition that- or personality type portion that make- that makes people not be able to experience love. It's called alexithymia.
Sachumo: Mm.
Chris: A-L... uh, let me type that up here... A-L-E-X-I-T-H-Y-M-I-A.
Sachumo: Ales-hymia?
Chris: Alexithymia.
Sachumo: I think I have a friend with that condition. Her name's, uh, uh, Margaret. Um, yeah that's- that kinda sounds like her.
Chris: Yeah but anyways, essentially it's an ili- in- in- inability to identify, express, or understand feelings.
Sachumo: Mhm.
Chris: And- and it's- and sometimes it's, uh, rela- it- it's associated with a range of psychological orders, um, though, I- I mean just to name a few they did, but, uh, just to note here, Graduon is not autistic. That's one of the things there.
Sachumo: Mhm.
Chris: And it's also associated with depression and schizophrenia.
Sachumo: Right. Um, so it would- it's similar to autism, but different... in- in a way.
Chris: Yeah. Yeah but anyway that answers the question, "What has Graduon been suffering from?"
Sachumo: Mhm. Okay, um...
Chris: Back in the ear- back in the 1500s he was suffering, and up to now he still suffers from alexithymia.
Sachumo: Mm. So there's a little backstory for the viewers.
Chris: A further backst- a further backstory detail.
Sachumo: Mhm. See, we're learning things about Sonichu that we never thought we'd learn.
Chris: Or at least just learned a bit about Graduon.
Sachumo: Mhm. But, in the- I mean Sonichu universe.
Chris: Yeah, you'll definitely learn more about Graduon when I get to drawing book 14, after I finish up with my current project 12-9 special, talk about OC MLP character, hers- backstory and everything, Ms. Night Star.
Sachumo: Mm. Okay.
Chris: She- she can view and traverse other dimensions, and she has- all the- she has all the psychic powers, which she still is not- she still is not perfect because, uh, [Dogs howl in the background.] between the mental link that she and I shared as well, she suffers from a- she suffers from- she suffered from a touch of autism... and there go my dogs barking at something that's happening across the street. You can probably hear them now.
Sachumo: Yeah, it's okay. I mean, y'know, that's what dogs do.
Chris: [Chris imitates the howl noise.]
Sachumo: Um, okay... so- you have, uh, you have cats and dogs? Does that- I- I thought that doesn't, y'know, it's, uh, old, old saying, it doesn't mix? Do- or do they get along?
Chris: Uh, well- they- they get- they get along fairly well. Um, yeah, we have two Eagle Hounds, three- three cats inside, and 2-3 cats outside.
Sachumo: Mm. Okay, um, so- that's interesting, because I've never, about the- the similar to autism, cuz I always- I've always- I noticed, um, working in- in the field, I've done- I've done a little bit of, uh, of work with special needs children, and I've noticed that any time something's like... different about someone, they just kind of... blanket term them and put them into the autistic spectrum when really that's not always the case. It- I guess- I'm- I'm not sure why they do that.
Sexuality and political correctness (0:25:24-)
Chris: (sigh) Yeah, I don't know why, it's just some- I don't know, it's stereotyping or something... but yeah, that's just- that's just stereotyping, mislabeling... um, yeah, you don't wanna just mislabel anybody like that, that's not cool. It's just like, uh, labeling somebody as gay when they were not at the time... and then- unless something develops in where apparently that- where apparently in a way that did become true. I mean, ended up being true for me except I'm lesbian.
Sachumo: So you're, uh, uh, a trans lesbian.
Chris: Yes, I'm a lesbian transwoman.
Sachumo: Okay, there we go... um, okay, one second, uh...
Chris: There go my dogs again.
Sachumo: So, a trans lesbian, that's- that's not very common. Have you- have you met other people like that, or- or- or is it just unique to you?
Chris: Yeah, I met, uh, I actually found a, uh, transgender support group and I have a trans friend at the, uh, Pokémon league, not mentioning her name. Uh, but yeah, there's- there... actually a number of them out of the group, and counting my friends at- at the league, where... they actually still prefer women over men.
Sachumo: Mhm.
Chris: I mean, it's just a personal choice. It has nothing to do with, uh, them personally. I mean, y'know, will still be friends with, uh, all genders and colors regardless...
Sachumo: Right.
Chris: It's just our- it- it's just our internal preference. Our own individual preference.
Sachumo: There's- there's no shame in it. I mean, it's 2017, you can be whatever you want. Um, maybe certain parts of the country will judge you but... those are usually the minorities... of- of- the minority opinion, y'know. It's not what everyone thinks.
Chris: Yep, we're overtak- overtaking the popular flow. We are more powerful than the min- we are more powerful than those that oppressed us, which are now- which they are the minority.
Sachumo: Hm. Right. So- so, okay. Do- do these, uh- not- not to get any personal information about them but, so- do they- are they into the things you like or is it, um, or is it just you just hang out because of the similarity that you share?
Chris: Uh, well, I would say, uh, hang out towar- cuz the similarity, but in general, they are, uh- in general they are good people, and I'm a good person... I keep an open heart, uh, for- for people that I, y'know, people I like and care about, and new people, as long as they, uh, don't offend and essentially aren't- ba- aren't bad, y'know.
Sachumo: Mhm. Sometimes you can't help offending people, cuz there's just people that really wanna go around getting offended, but, if you can- if- if you- if- if you can help it, then y'know, at least try not to offend people. Cuz I- I do that a lot on my channel, but it's mostly just- people don't understand I'm doing it as like a joke. Like, I say pretty, uh, silly things that are just so out there that it's amazing how people can think that I actually think that.
Chris: Yeah, it just depend- it's- always depends on perception and you'll end up, uh, getting mixed responses... in that sense. So. it's just more advisable to be more cautious.
Sachumo: Mhm. See, I- I've- I've kind of made my, uh- with- with the Chris-Chan documentary, I- after that I kind of went into more edgy comedy, which really, uh- I kinda liked doing but you do get bored of just saying really horrific things all the time, because then when you say things enough they kinda lose their- their- their gusto, their value. Y'know?
Chris: Yeah, like the episode of South Park, of, uh, too many shits.
Sachumo: Shits.
Chris: They said the word too many times. More than a hundred.
Sachumo: Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Or the one where they had, uh, uh, people on Harley-Davidsons and they were calling them faggots... and- and they- they went all the way to like the Supreme Court and when- to like get the word changed. Do you like South Park?
Chris: Yeah, I've watched, uh, most of the series, I haven't watched it in a few years. Uh, I'm afraid I haven't seen that one with the Harleys you just mentioned. That might've been a later season episode.
Sachumo: Yeah, it was a while ago. Um...
Chris: I de- I definitely have heard though that the principal of the school had changed... and there's this like tough dude with glasses now... sunglasses.
Sachumo: Um, yeah, he's- it's like- he's called PC principal, I think that's his name. Uh, yeah, they changed the- the, uh- someone in chat correct me if I'm wrong, they changed the principal to a new person and he's like muscled out and he's worried about, uh, like new wave, uh, issues I think that go on in- in the country that people worry about now, like offending people, and not being racist and things like that, so it- it- it's a pretty interesting turn what, uh, South Park is make- making, or doing at least.
Chris: Yeah.
Sachumo: Definitely a good show.
Chris: Although, it can- although- although it still can offend some people.
Sachumo: Yeah, I mean, you can't- you can't please everyone. I think you know that too. You can try, but you can't make everyone happy. You know?
Chris: Yeah. You're just better off appreciating the ones you can make laugh.
Sachumo: Mhm. Yeah. Uh, reading the chat... let's just uh...
Chris: Reading the chat!
Sachumo: Yeah, it's just wow... it is just a... a mess. The chat is always a mess. Talk about offending people, if people want to get offended, read the chat. Oh my god!
Chris: (laughs)
Sachumo: Oh, this is a ... this a good, uh, question... or something I've always wondered about. Have you, uh... Do you know who Oney is? From Oney Cartoons?
Chris: Um, no.
Sachumo: He's like, uh, an animator who talks about you a lot, uh... or talks about your history more because when people say they talk about Chris Chan, I'm doing that in quotes, uh... or Chris Chan, they think like, uh, you know, that- that guy in 2011 who wore a striped shirt. But, they really don't, uh... they don't see- they don't see the- the- the actual you, which is the new, you know, the trans lesbian after the transformation into this, uh, into this woman, you know?
Chris: Yeah.
Sachumo: I think it's just cuz, um, people see it as- as- that's like, when they think Chris Chan, they think of that. You know? Do you have any problem with people thinking of you that way?
Chris: Um... no because they might not have, uh, been informed about my updates since, uh, as early as, you know, let's say 2011...
Sachumo: Yeah.
Chris: And uh... and... they just- they just need a little update in their noggins, let them know all this happened. And I am who I am... I still am the person I was, except I'm much happier now.
Sachumo: good yeah I've noticed that uh it seems the the more happy you are the less uh the less stuff you do online or actually you know that's a weird thing it used to be that way where when you weren't online as much you were you were out doing things and having fun with people now it's like you've you've come to some Crossroad where you realize not everyone is is out to get you and there's people like me or or Meriwether that all want to you know just talk to you and just hear what you have to say and let other people let my audience know what you have to say
Chris: yeah definitely made a difference was burnt was Barney kind of this year last August uh a lot of people a lot of people who recognize me and they were like just just a whole I was made with a whole lot of sincere kindness and love it was just best weekend ever and and all they wanted to do was talk a little while have a selfie to have a selfie share memory in a moment and that's all and that's always very well and good and I appreciate the kindness very much
Sachumo: you gotta you gotta find what's that thing uh Mr Rogers used to say in times of of heartbreak and tragedy look for the people who are there to help because there are in this sea of trolls there are some will you ever go on an only place episode someone just asked me if I would ever go on an Oni plays episode yes I would um
Chris: I'd have to say what what an only place episode plays out before I can answer that question
Sachumo: they're kind of like Game Grumps uh pretty similar yeah uh I'm gonna Post in chat uh I'm gonna post your Discord or not your Discord your uh patreon so people can uh go there and uh give you some give you some money hopefully so I'm posting this in the YouTube chat you can go and give Christine uh uh patreon pledges and you get these pretty cool rewards for 10 donation you get uh a grateful thanks uh preview Peaks that the individual pages of her book and before final publication so pretty much Early Access work for ten dollars a month and 20 a month gets you uh the Early Access signed book per month your name in the credits that that's pretty neat now fifty dollars get you of course Early Access your name in the credits three autographed sonichu books so not only that but you get three comics and wow these you've got all you got a lot of tears all right there's two more 100 donation will get you eight autograph autographed sonnet you books you're naming the credits in Early Access same 500 will get same as before all sonnet you books up to now available autographed so you get every sonnet you book if you donate 500 per month now
Chris: and uh and more reward and More Tears uh with more rewards will be added uh very soon as soon as we activate develop some more it's all in the process and also another saying I should bring up that uh I don't I don't know if the statue got word up yet my red bubble shop I just uh sent him the link
Sachumo: Redbubble all right I'll post that in chat um there we go a red bubble shop so this is like what kind of things you have on here
Chris: it's uh right now we searched posters green cars stickers wall art and more
Sachumo: perfect
Chris: um well currently right now with uh amits of mostly older and new a new newer photos and pieces um more to be added in the coming months uh I'll be drawing a I'll be drawing a Christmas card or two for that and eventually and eventually after we find my right people who I've uploaded a video recently how to make uh sanction Medallion I have to do that by the person on the people who best can do that uh to manufacture the medallions just on that and we'll sell those and then same thing for the amiibo figure Sasha amiibo figures
Sachumo: okay
Chris: what I had started a few years ago on Etsy but then felt but then I fell behind uh uh eventually we'll catch up be back up till we'll be back up to speed on on all that we gotta find more people because I'm working my concentration is back in the book series so it's like uh can't draw and mold at the same time
Sachumo: there you go for fans of sonichu more is being made and I just saw a photo of you holding the I think three books it looks like
Chris: um if you're talking about my recent tweet I showed off you I got my cop I got uh the car I got the team ring wrong tell us about your favorite anime myself those who did last months uh increase their pledge to get this get their copies of this book early we had three responses to that and it's definitely the book of the months for next month so 20 pledge gets you automatically a copy of book 12 but because normally if you were a new pledge I would start you at book zero and books a month Works concerts on the way upwards so the next Monday began book one that's one book two and so forth and three budget begins zero one two then three four fives and so forth It's just uh it's uh help bring everybody up to current speed pretty much
Sachumo: good
Chris: at least until we can uh find a way uh to get these books on this complicated bookstore shelves uh without without sabotage
Sachumo: right um so that you're really uh on the up and up because just how I think two years ago or no about three years ago there was a fire in your house and now you're you're turning into an Enterprise almost uh or at least at the very start of one
Chris: so uh yeah it has far was kind of a life changer I did I had to do a lot of the heavy lifting that after that happened and uh we lost a number of things but fortunately we were able to keep most everything I feel like uh really that fortunate because we got boxes occupying the room or two and we'll get them cleared out eventually
Sachumo: eventually yeah it's that's a success story you know I mean not everyone can recover from that um
Chris: yeah I just kind of feel like uh also I put plain I liked the game like this strange and they released uh episode two for the new before the storm game and at the end of the episode spoiler alerts uh we actually get to go inside Rachel's house and uh I meet her parents and their house is just clean and organize it just look into that I was like somebody like that used to be that clear and organized but nowadays is yeah like Lottery
Sachumo: yeah I've now you wouldn't consider yourself a hoarder just a more of a more just cluttered right because I I mean I've I've seen videos of it it there's a lot of stuff but it it's not like there's nothing there's nothing too bad about it it's just just it can be a little messy you know
Chris: yeah it's not like I've hoarded Ramen out of Christine's eyelids I said forexes let's just put that into thousands
Sachumo: yeah
Chris: like some people did
Sachumo: yeah
Chris: I don't know I was definitely referent I was definitely thinking of the Back to the Future video game when I thought that that was episode one episode episode two where oh where Marty won that when the apartment of that old lady who had all the newspapers I'm just saying
Sachumo: everyone spammed Kappa in chat someone named Clyde cash donated that's uh that's pretty bad timing uh wow have you heard uh from any of the old old day trolls
Chris: Chad asked about s-o-b-e-r-t-s nothing ask if he has taken him to the vet or at least as far as at least as far as I know I tend to mostly uh I tend to ignore most uh email contacts and uh and spam see a thing I mean I respond to those that respond to some that respond to multiple messages sometimes uh you know now and then uh I'm just not uh solid good on responding to every single person because that's too much
Sachumo: too much last I heard uh liquid Chris was like a uh he was researching like cancer cures or something and I'm not even joking transgender woman does that mean that it is a trap kids that hella gay uh I can't answer that for someone so against gay PPL okay but
Chris: you're talking about liquid Chris
Sachumo: yeah his name's uh I think it's like John Duckworth or something he there's a video game yeah there there's a video online of him talking about how he had bone cancer when he was a child and that today he researches it so I you know there's an update I guess on him if people wanted to know what happened to him I don't know about any of the other uh the other kind of uh well-known trolls I have no idea what happened to them but there's something about uh liquid Chris did you ever did you ever talk to liquid Chris
Chris: uh obvious uh well during the time I ended up doing so yeah Ramon Chris's
Sachumo: yeah Pennsylvania that that makes sense because I think in the video there was like snow behind him or something or whatever and whatever I was thinking of um yeah I see really it's kind of weird how the trolls they just they come in and then they go and then I'm sorry Chris for the horrible stuff you've had to go through
Chris: yeah
Sachumo: someone just said I'm sorry uh Christine for the horrible stuff you've had to go through
Chris: thank you
Sachumo: so there are there are people who do care I mean like I said you just gotta find the good and and if someone if someone wrongs you then chances are there's 10 more people that want to help you at least at least that's what I think and I'm pretty much I'm pretty optimistic
Chris: [Music]
Sachumo: wow uh interesting so okay someone just asked me a pretty interesting question what does Chris think of sachimo I know you you really you don't know or I'm just I can't assume but I guess you only know just the documentary but have you have you ever heard of me before
Chris: um yeah not before he had the documentary I heard about the documentary actually around when it originally came out
Sachumo: yeah
Chris: um but as foreign Congratulations by the way
Sachumo: thank you thank you uh yeah I just saw that teacher a few days ago he's a pretty pretty good guy he gave me insight into um into not see if if I were to remake it knowing what I know now I would have I would have definitely just kind of put more effort into making it more neutral because there's just some you know it's it's hard to to dance around this but there's just some some things you've done that that you've recorded that you've regretted and me putting those in in the documentary really just uh it was kind of just to do it for other people but if I really wanted to make something neutral I wouldn't have put those in there so I definitely would change a lot um
Chris: I want to think of you as the person I see you as a decent good person
Sachumo: thank you thank you that means a lot um because I I don't think I could I could be able to live with myself knowing that I I would have hurt someone you know some someone impacted someone negatively with more than just words because I have no problem with uh making fun of someone who deserves it someone who does something horrible you know I'll make fun of them on my channel but as far as you've done I I don't I can't pinpoint anything and you know that most of it's just reaction to trolls
Chris: thank you
Sachumo: okay is uh you're staying
Chris: next question
Sachumo: oh uh someone uh Meriwether actually messaged me asking what was your favorite anime
Chris: we just went we did not answer that question normally well I definitely like uh Sailor Moon at South Saga steel Angel kurumi and Nana Nana yeah it's the uh anime where two adult women uh moved to move into an apartment together both named Nana
Sachumo: um
Chris: it's a very good it's a very good series I highly recommend it great story
Sachumo: well there you go check out nana I don't watch very many anime or very many anime I don't watch much anime but uh why not you know it
Chris: yeah you know I don't watch Anna bike but when I do I drink I drink micheloba I did I had to I don't know what I know is those are keys I misremembered the advertisement and I made the joke go wrong
Sachumo: it's okay I don't remember that advertisement very well either it was a pretty it was a good one though lose period
Chris: I don't watch many anime but when I do I watch what I like that that's better
Sachumo: there we go foreign uh so what do you uh just to kind of throw that question out there because I'm you know just why not uh so what do you do in like your what's your daily ritual you know what do you what do you do when you wake up
Chris: well nowadays I for when I do end up doing that then I end up hanging out in the bed I don't smoke but it's it's like I'm white it's like I'm Waking and baking again I don't smoke but it's like um like myself up I get my mind I actually get my mind together do a little meditate and uh soon enough after I feel like my brain's fully operational from being asleep for a few for the few hours I get out of bed and uh and I guess and I get something to eat um I got through my I go through what I'm doing for a day uh including drawing writing or covering the pages or depending on how to or whatever depends depending on how I feel um and days are varying except for like Thursdays or and Sundays or on Thursday and evenings are good Pokemon Chris if you could go back in time and stop anything from happening to you what would change usually would stick around at home and uh and uh yeah you know um so then but yeah I do get some answers I do get some walking in to get plenty I'm getting up exercise in and I do dinner have Dukes of cooking here at home uh for my mom and whatnot and definitely before I hit the hay I take a shower every night I took a shower and I put my my turby Twist on and my PJs and hell I put on my nice shirt and I'm already but I'm more and I'm wearing my leggings I'm I'm worn I've worn throughout that they were going to wear it switch them out every other day um and now I go to bed I video on YouTube and I listen to listen to my arrow beats to further my transformation to Womanhood and help uh increase my mental capabilities
Sachumo: new transformation into Womanhood
Chris: yeah
Sachumo: so it's continuing it's not it's not already done
Chris: yeah it's continuing uh and I'm still in transition okay it's like when I fully transformed or had the operations which I'm hoping the transformation does happen first binaural beats happen one one happen in good ways and then you gotta have faith it just depends on how much time it just depends how much time you have available to you and I'm having I believe and I do have faith in uh the binaural beats and the transformation I have seen really positive results are that
Sachumo: binaural beats uh I've never heard that what what is a binary beat
Chris: Yeah by narrow Beach there are different frequencies that go want to go one ear and one go on the other earbuds are recommended they meet in the middle of your head and right and then they go into your body from your brain to make the effects happen and there's like a good number of things like uh you can develop your psychic skills among which uh you can even change your eye color and for and definitely things for male to female or female to male transformation on the uh suburbanal frequency hypnosis wizard by narrow Beats channel on YouTube
Sachumo: it can change your eye color so but hasn't that already happened to you uh because you have
Chris: yeah but that but that was a different that was a different occasion now in my freshman year of high school I had pink guy in my right eye and I was prescribed the eye drops to get the pink eye out and something in the medication changed the pigment in my right eye
Sachumo: really
Chris: so it's so it's more green than the original blue it was
Sachumo: so it can it can make you or or it can transform you slowly into in into a woman but it can also uh give you psychic powers is
Chris: yeah there's a whole number of different uh binaural brief speech frequencies that does each one that does each effects yeah it's best to go to the channel I just mentioned the this stuff hwb Beast of mineral frequency hypnosis wizard binaural beats Channel on YouTube
Sachumo: and check that out so you do you have psychic powers
Chris: uh I yes I actually did have I did I have realized and found that I did have psychic powers throughout my lifetime everybody it has at least a little bit of psychic power when they're born and if they are blessed to have tremendous psychic power after they're born and that's a big wowie unicorn Rarity there
Sachumo: um so it can like amplify them not not not give them to you but make them refined I guess better
Chris: yeah refined Stronger Yeah but of course you have to practice them yourself and I definitely would recommend looking at books for developing your psychic skills alongside with that so you can better understand how to use how to use your how to use them from your own to make objects move with your mind with your aura that's the uh pretty much just to that
Sachumo: interesting so you've so you you you're not you're slightly psychic is what you're saying so you you can't you can't move things so what what what can you do like what what are the extent of your psychic abilities
Chris: well I've actually been able to see into the future and into the into the and well into the past uh at least in my dreams I've had many a Deja Vu moments
Sachumo: um
Chris: yeah Deja Vu to set the sensation of doing something that uh you feel like you have done before
Sachumo: right so like you you you get Visions saying wait I remember doing this except it didn't happen yet
Chris: yeah
Sachumo: it's interesting so can it can it work can the binary be or not to not to interrupt but can the binaural beats work in the opposite direction can a woman become a man
Chris: yeah that like yeah like I just mentioned there are frequencies for male to female and female to male Transformations
Sachumo: interesting interesting so how long does it take for the the full the full transformation
Chris: uh well defend you it's definitely one that you want to have patience and belief in globally then before going to keep an open mind you know literally in that sense uh it could take uh up to about six months to a full week to about a year um like more on the more extreme things like that for a woman transformation but my first uh interpretation I got actually worked out for me I increased my brush size from B to D in less than a month by narrow things yeah
Sachumo: that's pretty crazy I mean um plastic surgeons giving them a run for their money because that's a lot of a lot of women would pay for that typically
Chris: yeah this was not this wasn't wholly natural
Sachumo: I see I didn't know about this I would assume it would take about 18 years because that's how long it takes for a woman to develop you know so I I would guess it would take 18 in the other direction but in a year that's that's pretty fast you know
Chris: yep
Sachumo: so it's but you're also taking um hormone uh treatment right
Chris: yes I am on the homo replacement therapy and taking the astrodial and spirometoline and you know how I remember it's spirometoline I remember Spyro the Dragon
Sachumo: there you go so how does how does it affected you
Chris: uh it's affected me in the right direction because I definitely was a female so when I dropped my life and this fashion makes me feel more like more generally myself I felt like uh the testosterone and those kind of things uh that Dario typically would Define a male
Sachumo: right
Chris: that not not all that was me and this and even like uh I go into talking about how the Ravi Sani who came out as a trans woman lesbian trans woman herself uh to figure figure herself out uh she grew up she couldn't understand uh the fascination of boys like in these death explosions and all these crazy things destructive
Sachumo: no boys are typically not they're not elegant or fine have finesse like uh a lot of women do so it I mean right so you feel more you feel more you with the the hormone treatment it feels feels uh like yourself you know
Chris: yeah
Sachumo: no so so you've had a gender dysphoria which I'm sure you know what that means right
Chris: yeah yeah you may say I did have gender dysphoria
Sachumo: well everyone who uh transitions they they have it at some point you know because you're questioning is this is this who I am am I really do I really want to be a woman or do I really want to be a man it just kind of it turns into a a big debate in your head and it can really affect people negatively
Chris: well this was definitely a debate in my head that was an easy win because throughout my lifetime I actually had inclinations of wanting to be a woman including like you know I'd like to be you know I look at myself in the mirror and I could pull my females my female self out or or like you know to switch places with or switch swap bodies with her and you know I've had all I've had all those thoughts before and everything and it's just it was all well good and definitely made me realize for the better my eventual
Sachumo: mm-hmm
Chris: thoughts
Sachumo: people in the chat are uh they're criticizing me for not see this was never an interview and people want an interview with there's there's already one with Meriwether you know we're just having this is chatting
Chris: which is yeah we're just chatting uh what's the narrative yeah we are doing this is a chat type interview
Sachumo: uh yeah I mean there's really only because people just want me to say some horrific shit to you honestly they want me to
Chris: We're not gonna we're not We're not gonna lie horrific shit
Sachumo: there you go uh my friend wants to know what's your favorite food what kind of
Chris: like
Sachumo: what kind of stuff do you like
Chris: I like typical I like typical things my favorite thing I would like to cook I would like to cook is I like making macaroni and cheese and I and uh my favorite fruit I really like apples
Sachumo: apples
Chris: and uh yeah and I'll drink uh I'll drink sweet tea and I find the best combination to make an Arnold Palmer which is a combination of lemonade and sweet tea it's over at McDonald's between their Minute Maid Light Lemonade one part stacked and then three parts McDonald's sweet tea that's the best combination
Sachumo: um
Chris: and then my favorite and then my favorite ice cream is mint chocolate chip
Sachumo: that's my uh I'm not gonna lie that's my favorite too mint chocolate chips pretty good
Chris: yep unlike minty things mint is really good
Sachumo: um you ever try a mint tea
Chris: I do believe I have tried knitty it was good
Sachumo: I do like it very much whoa someone just said
Chris: it's a minty mint tea [Music]
Sachumo: someone just said I use p as a substitute for the lemonade that's just silly
Chris: what's wrong with you
Sachumo: yeah well will Sonic you ever fight Cold Steel is someone's asking that no it was cold or cold steel the Hedgehog Ramon get me a nine iron to remove it mm-hmm uh I I someone's already asking this we've talked about this Barbara's in good health she's fine she's just uh
Chris: yes yes
Sachumo: just had a birthday just there's nothing to worry about it's far from what I can tell I mean
Chris: right
Sachumo: you know her better
Chris: yes any more questions you want us to talk about in our chat
Sachumo: yeah all right Chad just ask away because we're I gotta go to I gotta go do something in a bit and we don't want to go on too long we just want to give you this nice little this little chat we maybe might do War why not um uh
Chris: yeah maybe we'll do this again I'd say while we could schedule uh this again because I should get going myself like uh make dinner for my mom
Sachumo: yeah
Chris: so yeah this has been good and thank you everybody for joining us and uh next time uh if we decide to do another chat uh between satchimal and I he'll let you know
Sachumo: yeah
Chris: and uh we'll have it set before then yes
Sachumo: it was fun it was it was nice people wanted this forever well here it is we're just talking there you go Chris: yeah so everybody have a great safe day be kind to everybody since kindness gets you more popularity with everybody not hatred and harassment
Sachumo: there you go
Chris: all right take care
Sachumo: bye bye
Chris: bye bye [Music]
Sachumo: There She Goes that was real interesting I'm gonna get um I'm gonna go into the my discord's chatting here because we have a there's a few people in here and I'm just gonna see what they have to say oh hey there guys so oh my God Christine I honestly love if you followed me on Twitter it's at twiblord um thank you for the donations guys he's really uh helped me out I will be uploading this on my channel but let's first hear some opinions on people in Discord why is this all right all right I'm live is streaming right now guys so okay wait what happens oh my gosh I just think yes ask me that's great that was an experience oh wait hang on hang on hang on what happened why is this stream over so quick uh it was only an hour I just because I because I asked uh Christine I asked I said you know can you just come on for an hour let's just have fun that's about it after the stream announcement and I opened my phone and the notification was streaming with Christian I was like um maybe he actually kind of changed himself they started talking about super powers foreign all right I'm gonna uh that was that was a chat's opinion it's too many people you can't he can't do anything thank you all for watching so much I hope you have a fantastic day uh thank you so much for the donations and goodbye uh we'll do this again sometime hopefully and I will I will do an actual interview Chris Chan one day but it will be on camera so that that's the reason why I wasn't I wasn't getting at the important details and stuff because I just wanted to talk to him but I was gonna do it without live streaming it uh but I I just why not you know so you guys get to see it there's what else do you want but like I said I will interview him so bye bye have a fantastic day
See also
Chris and journalism
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
v • d • e
Livestreams
2010s
2016
Sonichu's First PS4 Broadcast • Happy Birthday Tom • CWC`s Destiny Start • Destiny Stream Apology • Nerdy Q&A • My Breast Massage Routine 18+ • Please, Donate • Announcement 04/16/2016 • Donation Request • Proposition to Sega • Donations, Please, plus Live Game Stream tonight. • Live Game Stream - Uncharted
2017
C-Log 04142017 • React to SNL 41-4 Darn Ol' Tramp 45 • C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt • C-Log 04272017 • C-Log 050012017-1 • C-Log 050032017-2 • C-Log 05052017 • Live Drawing Streams • CLog 06142017 • CLog 06232017 • CLog 07072017 • HarassCWCdirectly • CLog 08142017 - More Positive Content • CLog 09042017 - Mister C • CLog 10042017 - Q&A 1 • CLog 10042017 - Q&A NO MORE • CLog Special - PATREON & MORE • CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making • Sachumo Interview
2018
Twitch • A Chat With Chris-Chan
2019
Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder Livestreams • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
2020s
2020
Live Reading of SNT Vs Sonichu, Part 2 • Red vs Blue Reaction Livestreams • Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight
2021
Incest Arrest
2023
October • November • December
2024
January • February • March • June • September • November
2025
March • May
⇐ Re-enactment - Gingers Have Souls
Chris's videos
CopperCab interview ⇒
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sachumo_Interview&oldid=352957"