Title: Saga
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Saga
Categories: Honest Articles, Articles needing original illustrations, Delusions and enablers, Jackie Saga, Pmurt Saga, Prequel Comic Saga, TF2 Analysis Saga, Watchmen Saga, Lainchu Saga, Crystalgate, Incest Saga, Chronology, CWC-isms, Trolling, Sagas
================================================================================

This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
This article is in need of original illustrations. Help the CWCki and the Artist Commune project by drawing some original illustrations and inserting them into the article.
“
I've had online relationships in my past; most of which were good, but all of them ended not so good for me.
”
Chris makes the understatement of the century[1]
A "saga" (from the Old Norse sögur) is a story arc of events on the CWChronology, documenting Chris's actions during a specific span of time. The Christorian use of the term is derived from story arcs in Dragon Ball, a series that Chris likes, based on the story arcs usually being named after an arc villain. (This was true for Christory at first, but Sagas have since encompassed various sweethearts and and specific events over specifically revolving around specific antagonists to Chris-Chan.)
Contents
1 Meta-Sagas
1.1 Love Quest (ca. 2003 - March 2018; January 2021-Present)
1.2 Transgender Saga (30 March 2011 - Present)
1.3 Business Saga (3 July 2014 - 8 June 2016; June 2017 - July 2021)
1.4 Financhu Crisis Saga (12 April 2016 - 26 April 2023)
1.5 Roleplaying Saga (August 2017 - Present)
1.6 Dimensional Merge (14 October 2018 - Present)
1.7 Praetor Saga (September 2020 - August 2021; May 2022 - Present)
2 Pre-Christory (24 February 1982 - June 2000)
2.1 Early Childhood Saga (24 February 1982 - 1991)
2.2 Nathanael Greene Saga (1991)
2.3 Bearstein Saga (1992 – 1995)
2.4 High School Saga (August 1996-June 2000)
3 Early Adult Chronicles (June 2000 – 27 October 2007)
3.1 PVCC Saga (September 2000 - May 2006)
3.2 GAMe PLACe Saga (2002 - July 2012)
3.3 Megan Saga (Summer 2005 - April 2008)
3.4 Stackhouse Saga (June - 4 August 2007)
4 Classic Chris Era (27 October 2007 to 20 March 2010)
4.1 ED Saga (November 2007 - 14 April 2011)
4.2 Blanca Saga (August - 21 October 2008)
4.3 Jimmy Hill Saga (Mid-2008/Late 2008)
4.4 Clyde Cash Saga (December 2008 - Mid-2010)
4.5 PandaHalo Saga (Mid-2008/Late 2008 - February 2009)
4.6 Miyamoto Saga (January - 10 February 2009)
4.7 Julie Saga (February - March 2009)
4.8 PS3 Hacking Saga (March 3 2009 - 30 August 2010)
4.9 Emily Saga (March 2009 - 4 October 2010)
4.10 Ivy Saga (March - July 2009)
4.11 Vanessa Saga (April - May 2009)
4.12 CWCipedia Saga (4 May 2009 – 26 June 2010)
4.13 Liquid Chris Saga (21 June - 10 November 2009)
4.14 Asperchu Saga (November 2009 - 10 January 2012)
4.15 Tito Saga (January 2010 - 10 August 2011)
5 Dark Ages (20 March 2010 to 3 September 2014)
5.1 First Exile (20 March 2010 - 29 August 2010)
5.2 Jackie Saga (5 April - 26 November 2010; 7 December 2010 - May 2012)
5.3 Calling Out Saga (6 August - 6 September 2011)
5.4 Second Exile (6 September 2011 - 9 July 2014)
6 Renaissance (3 September 2014 to 24 October 2017)
6.1 Catherine Saga (9 July - 14 December 2014)
6.2 Sonic Boom Saga (3 September 2014 - 7 December 2015)
6.3 Lady Managers Saga (17 November 2015 - July 2016)
6.4 Pmurt Saga (25 September 2016 - 20 January 2017)
6.5 Doopie Saga (7 March - 26 September 2017)
6.6 Quinn Saga (7 September - 5 October 2017)
7 Transcendental Awakening (August 2017 to 30 July 2021)
7.1 Idea Guys Saga (25 October 2017 - 29 April 2018)
7.2 Prequel Comic Saga (2 January 2018 - 14 May 2018)
7.3 Guard Dogs (Summer 2018)
7.4 Teen Troon Squad Saga (24 April 2018 - 1 January 2019)
7.5 G5 Pony Saga (13 August 2018 - Present)
7.6 Jacob Saga (14 July - 28 November 2019; 15 July - 26 August 2020)
8 Rise-N-Fall (Mid 2018 - 31 July 2021)
8.1 Copitz Saga (19 May 2018 - December 2019)
8.2 TF2 Analysis Saga (Late 2018 - 30 October 2020)
8.3 Arbitarch Saga (27 December 2018 - Late January 2020)
8.4 Secret Shipfic Saga (16 August 2019 - 31 July 2021)
8.5 Watchmen Saga (September 2019 - 27 June 2021)
8.6 Ben Saint Saga (29 September 2019 - November 2019)
8.7 ProjectSNT Saga (6 December 2019 - January 2021)
8.8 Chandler's List Saga (2 June 2020 - 8 July 2020)
8.9 Lainchu Saga (4 August 2020 - 18 March 2021)
8.10 Crystalgate Saga (22 September 2020 - 30 June 2021)
8.11 KwaiiSandbag Saga (10 February 2021 - 29 March 2021)
8.12 Warhol Saga (24 May 2021 - 19 September 2021)
8.13 Twilight Saga (21 June 2021 - 31 July 2021)
8.14 Incest Saga (26 June 2021 - 30 July 2021)
9 Silent Years (1 August 2021 - 16 October 2023)
9.1 Jail Saga (1 August 2021 - 27 March 2023)
9.2 Third Exile (27 March 2023 - 16 October 2023)
10 Second Coming (16 October 2023 - Present)
10.1 Revelations Saga (16 October 2023 - Present)
11 See also
12 References
Meta-Sagas
For nearly two decades, Chris has been going through one tumult or another. However, throughout each of these, Chris has had a special interest or obsession that would follow him through all of them, and would define him as a person. Indeed, this central focus of his life would serve to unite his sagas with a common theme: a near-certain way to get a reaction out of Chris would be by winning his trust through feeding his special interest, and then exploiting it for Laughs Under Lucricities. For most of Christory, this would be pretending to be a boyfriend-free girl, but more recently this has transmuted into feigning to worship him. As they are threads running through and linking together, and are the broadest strokes of Chris's life, they can be considered meta-sagas, beyond and more fundamental than the fleeting fancies of any individual troll.
Love Quest (ca. 2003 - March 2018; January 2021-Present)
The quintessential saga, and the one that introduced this word to the Christorian's lexicon. Sometime early in his career at PVCC, Chris decided that he needed a girlfriend to call his own. Beset on all sides by the Infinitely-High Boyfriend Factor (read: women were repulsed by his unusual mannerisms), the virgin with rage resorted to increasingly desperate and bizarre methods of obtaining one, which have seen him expelled and banned from multiple reputable establishments. After his discovery by the Internet, Chris would flutter from one professed girlfriend to another, thinking that each might be the heartsweet that might end this search once and for all. Alas, it was not meant to be, and Chris often found himself betrayed and humiliated in comical and grotesque ways. The Love Quest survived several upheavals in Chris's life, including his father's death, the loss of his virginity, the house fire and his gender transition (see below), yet despite Christorians' predictions, and the Pickle Man's injunctions, finally concluded in March 2018, when a mentally eroded Chris declared himself in a polyamorous marriage with his fictional characters.
The Love Quest would seem to come back in full force by the beginning of 2021, and much more intense than before, with Chris expressing sexual frustrations to Watchmen members, wishing to get a physical girlfriend. He would crush on multiple women of interest all at once and have wet dreams that involved cartoon characters. It would get intense to the point of releasing this sexual frustration on his own mother, leading to dire consequences.
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
Transgender Saga (30 March 2011 - Present)
In 2011, Chris began the process of gender transitioning. In March of that year, he starting cross-dressing and later came out as a "tomgirl". Despite resistance from his parents, Chris continued down the transgender path, exploring his gender identity. In 2014, he briefly identified as a lesbian male, and a year later, settled on identifying as a lesbian transwoman.
v • d • e
Gender and Sexuality
Sexualities
Gays  • Lesbians  • Bisexuals  • Asexuals  • SLGBTQ
Genders
Men  • Women (Gal pals  • Sweethearts)  • Trans people (Himself  • Other Trans People)
Notable LGBT+ individuals in Chris's life
Christian Weston Chandler  • Bruce Johnson  • Anna McLerran  • Megan Schroeder  • Aly Hirschberg  • Jack Thaddeus  • Bailey Jay  • The Wallflower  • Jeff Ouzuo  • Sam and Ellen  • Johan  • Joshua Wise  • Nowacking  • Lillie Simpkins  • Jacob Sockness  • MKRNightVee  • Naught  • Lily  • Isabella Loretta Janke  • Fiona Cooper
Business Saga (3 July 2014 - 8 June 2016; June 2017 - July 2021)
Although this Saga began during the Sonic Boom Saga, it ultimately outlasted it. Chris realized during this Saga that he could make significantly large amounts of money by selling his own products, including Medallions and customized Sonichu Amiibos, first on eBay, then on Etsy. This Saga is notable for featuring the return of frequent video uploads by Chris. Inevitably, Chris's laziness got the better of him (again) and he failed to ship out multiple orders. As his interest in making money dwindled, the Financhu Crisis began to strain the Chandler finances. Chris failed to get his act together, resulting in him getting banned from selling on Etsy on 8 June 2016, halting the Saga. There were a few recurrences where Chris attempted to profit from his own products again, but these were expectedly fruitless and short-lived. In May 2017, Chris began drawing Sonichu #11 pages again after a 561-day hiatus, and in June, he resumed monetizing Sonichu comics, by setting pages as rewards on his Patreon account and again offering printed books from Lulu.
Through 2018 and 2019, Chris has grown neglectful of his commercial obligations, failing to produce Sonichu pages and ship items, culminating in his restriction from eBay on 16 June 2019.
Chris's Patreon was shut down in August 2021 after he was arrested for incest.
v • d • e
Business
Platforms
CWCville Shopping†  • Cwclight • eBay†  • Etsy (OfficialCWCmart)  • Lulu*  • Patreon†  • Redbubble*  • YouTube*
Crafts
Medallions • Sonichu Amiibo • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
Drawings
Sonichu comics • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing • Commissions
Videos
Interviews • Paid Video Requests
eBay Sales listings
2008–2013 • 2014–2015 • 2016 • 2017  • 2018 • 2019 • 2020
Commissions and Collaborations
Prequel Comic  • Sonichu and Night Star Plushies  • Shrek Retold  • Praetor
Other
Autographed photos  • Yep, I'm on T.V. Two DVD Set  • Skylanders avatar
Managers
Bryanfrogboy • Caden Peck • Null
Financhu Crisis Saga (12 April 2016 - 26 April 2023)
Main article: Financhu Crisis
Coined by the members of the Kiwi Farms, this saga began when Chris released a video asking for donations in exchange for gifts. Then, he cut out the gifts, and when his Etsy shop was closed, resorted to straight begging, prostitution, and video requests; all while continuing to buy over $1,000 worth of toys and only selling THREE POKÉMON CARDS at this saga's beginning, and putting various worthless junk on eBay for exorbitant prices. Chris was eventually able to sell the Sonic totem for $1500 only to immediately admit to wasting the profits on toys and a $400 gold necklace to replace one Barb previously pawned; a selfish act that shows the full extent of Chris and Barb's financial incompetency. His begging also goes to the point of asking on Facebook for someone to pay his mortgage. This also shows Chris's ego, since he treats his monetary problems that he caused as a charity.
In June 2017, Chris began to take his Patreon more seriously by actually working on the Sonichu comic; as a result, his Patreon earnings skyrocketed to hundreds of dollars per month and mitigated his desire to beg for money. As a result, Chris stopped begging in July. However, he remained deeply in debt and showed no signs of developing greater financial responsibility.
In late 2017 and early 2018 work on Sonichu slowed, as did Chris's Patreon donations. Around this time, Chris later claimed he needed to cover an unknown but essential large expenditure which he refuses to discuss in detail. As a result, Chris resumed begging and selling items on eBay with greater intensity than ever, peaking in early May when he made a trilogy of panicked videos revealing that a mortgage payment on 14 Branchland Court was due soon and that the unknown expenditure had left him and Barb unable to cover it. Though Chris was saved by an influx of donations and eBay sales, the Chandlers' financial situation evidently remains more desperate than ever.
Roleplaying Saga (August 2017 - Present)
As a maladaptive coping mechanism against the bleakness of his reality, Chris's belief in imaginary friends and magical thinking drastically increased, one example of him dancing with Magi-Chan at the 2017 BronyCon. After the Idea Guys, the Teen Troon Squad, Jacob Sockness and other successive enablers further fueled his fantasies by validating them, Chris retreated even more into his fantasy world. It was once again re-enforced by the COVID-19 pandemic due to the fact that it cancelled all the conventions Chris was planning to attend in 2020.
On 19 September 2021, Chris wrote a letter in jail, where he declares himself as Jesus of Nazareth.
v • d • e
Coping and Roleplaying
Coping Mechanisms
CWCville • Spirit possession • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Dimensional Merge (14 October 2018 - Present)
Main article: Dimensional Merge
Due to the influence of the Idea Guys and Teen Troon Squad, ideas of a dimensional merge began to manifest within Chris. This came to a head in October 2018, when Chris uploaded a video where he announced that our dimension will soon merge with another. He has revised the deadline for this prophecy several times. This was followed by several months of him droning about it on Twitter, even during his Soft Exile (described below). Various weens, including Sarah and Steve, would circumvent new Twitter restrictions through physical mail or other channels, seeking to encourage him further; in April 2019 things went to a new level when a video was posted of a masked man reading a letter supposedly from a time-traveling Reginald Chandler announcing the merge.
v • d • e
Delusions and enablers
Fantasy World
Core beliefs
Conspiracy theories • CWCville • Daydreams • Death threats • Dreams  • Imaginary family • Imaginary friends‎ • Magical thinking • Messiah complex • Meditation‎‎ • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Extensions
Akashic Records • Avatar State • Chaos Control • Commandments • Fangs • Good Mirror of ElAeRa • Hexes • Iron Curtain • Job as a Goddess • My Little Pony Protests • Magic stones • PsychicPowers • Royal/Cherokee heritage • Self-inflicted taint wound • Spirit possession‎ • Tarot • Taser
Influenced byIdea Guys
CPU Blue Heart • Dimensions • Dimensional Merge • Hyperdimension Neptunia • Polyamorous marriage
Cult of the Idea Guys
Cult leadersand enablers
Idea Guys • Teen Troon Squad • Reginald Chandler (troll) • Watchmen • Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • The Sergeant at Arms • Helena Fiorenza • Praetor • Larry Vaughn • KwaiiSandbag • Isabella Janke • Fiona Cooper • Michael Afghani • Kenneth Erwin Engelhardt • Other enablers
Beliefs instilled into Chris
Bisexuality • Cryzel Torture •
Fabricated Magi-Chan conversation • Operation BARBarossa • Nazis • Sonichu #13
OCs instilled into Chris
Akan • Arfoire • Bundychu • Cryzel Rosechu • Kidasuna (the Rokat, Michiro, Jakoba) • Kun T’Nyuget • Perceptor Sonichu • The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Fantasy-induced events
By Idea Guys
Remove Kebab dance • Slav Squat • Fandoms Apology • Destruction of Christine Doll Mk. 1 • Christmas tree destruction • House Tour III • Wall licking • Cryzel Torture (Chris's pleas) • "AY YOU TOILET!" • The Bad Beginning
Others
First recorded statement of Magi-Chan • Chris hangs out with Xleepy and Co. • Interview with Noah and Max Mandu • Psychic California Trip • Goochland Library Sermon • The Vaughn Interlude
People appropriated by Chris as 'OCs'
DRWolf • ProjectSNT
Praetor Saga (September 2020 - August 2021; May 2022 - Present)
In September 2020, a group calling itself Praetor, led by Caden Peck, visited Chris at his home to propose doing business with him. An online shop, OfficialCWCmart, was launched later that year. Starting with selling Praetor-made medallions (of which Chris received a cut in profits), the business later expanded to items autographed or produced by Chris himself.
In 2023, Caden was involved with financing the Big Island, VA house, which Chris currently lives in as a renter.
Pre-Christory (24 February 1982 - June 2000)
The world at large discovered Christian Weston Chandler on 27 October 2007. Before this time, we have only a scanty record to the details of Chris's life. For the early Noughties, the earlier Sonichu comics (especially Sonichu 4) are a substantial, if biased, record of notable events; Chris has supplemented this with several other records, including his diary, and some videos from the time (such as his 2004 Christmas) have been leaked. For the twentieth century, which includes all of Chris's childhood and high school years, our records are much sparser. Some content, such as some school papers and television footage, have been unearthed, though much remains unknown or dubious. Indeed, much of our knowledge of Chris's childhood comes from later accounts by Chris. However, Chris's childhood is what made him the manchild he is today, so we must discuss it when discussing him.
Early Childhood Saga (24 February 1982 - 1991)
Christopher Weston Chandler was brought into the world on 24 February 1982. He would allegedly speak his first word 'Monkey' only a month after his birth. Sadly, his speech would be stunted by his abusive babysitter, who is either named 'Roche' or 'Roach'. At the age of 18 months old, Roche would lock him in a room filled with toys because she was angry at him. This would traumatize Chris so much that he would turn mute, and completely refuse to talk save for screeching and screaming.
While mute, Chris would forge a friendship with a girl named Sarah Hammer, who would become his first female friend. However, there is evidence that Sarah served more as a bully, playing cruel pranks on him such as locking him in her cellar after convincing him Casper the Friendly Ghost was hiding in there.
His parents would send him to James Madison University, where he was trained by a speech therapist to talk. There he would meet Joshua Martinez, a boy who was sent there for his heavy Spanish accent. He would become Chris's first male friend.
Chris would start speaking after being given a GoBot by his mother, as he would start reading out the packaging.
Early Childhood
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Barbara Chandler
Sarah Hammer
Roche
Joshua Martinez
Patti Chandler
Greene County Primary School
James Madison University
Neglect from Roche
The Adventures of The American Rabbit
Bob's First Letter To Chris
WTJU Marathon
Nathanael Greene Saga (1991)
In 1991, Chris would start going to Nathanael Greene Elementary School. While there, Chris would be abused by Bruce Johnson and Mrs. Gaede, who would both pin him to the ground and record his screams. Johnson additionally made Chris sit on his lap and said offensive things to him, supposedly causing his hatred of gays.
As Chris and his parents are known to be almost pathological liars, it is unknown if this is an accurate retelling of events. Nonetheless, Bob would pull Chris out of the school and take the matter of court, though no action would be taken.
Nathanael Greene Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Bruce Johnson
Mrs. Gaede
Barbara Chandler
Tiffany Robinson
Alleged Abuse
Court Case
Bearstein Saga (1992 – 1995)
After leaving Nathanael Greene Elementary School, Bob homeschooled Chris for 1992. During this year, Chris and Bob would attend The Leonard Bearstein Symphony Orchestra, which they both enjoyed. This would lead to an event in December, when the bear would ask for Christopher's name, which he would mishear as Christian. Chris would take this as a sign from God, and Bob would agree to legally change his name to Christian.
In 1993, Chris would start attending Providence Middle School, and his encounter with the bear would bless those years of his life. He would have Virginia Jeanine Sanford as a teacher, who he would later call the most influential person in his life. In the same year, he would enter the Sonic the Hedgehog Watch & Win Sweepstakes, and in 1994, he had won the competition, leading to the first-ever video recording of Chris.
Bearstein Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Virginia Sanford
Leonard Bearstein
Natasha Turner
God
Providence Middle School
Homeschooling
Name Change
News Article
Sonic Sweepstakes
High School Saga (August 1996-June 2000)
In many senses, Chris peaked in high school. He holds his high school memories and gal-pals dear to his heart. From a positive view, he had his gal pals, honor roll, and job as a water boy basketball team manager, and he produced a high volume of art, which included Sonichu himself. On the flip side, he got an F in English and had to ride on the short bus. Graduation was especially painful when he didn't win a not-so-prestigious best artist award.
High School Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris (Ricardo Weston Chandler)
Laura Beth Dorazio
Kellie Andes
Tiffany Gowen
Joseph Herring
Wes Iseli
Other High School Gal-Pals
Barbara Chandler
Art
Honor Roll
Spanish
School Assignments
Goosebumps
A Week With Christian Chandler
Christian's Favorite Hits!
Hotel Ricky Ricardo
How the Pokémon Came into Our PokéBalls
Song of Christian
Amethyst Ring
Early Adult Chronicles (June 2000 – 27 October 2007)
Chris came of age in 2000, a time of many transitions. Once he graduated from Manchester High, he was no longer in the safe, regimented world of compulsory education. No more guaranteed or arranged friendships, and the kid gloves have come off. Colleges are also stricter when setting student accommodations, and professors don't always have time for special arrangements. Additionally, Chris got a taste of the real world at Wendy's, which fired him for multiple reasons.
The little boy who was once doing so well now had to make his life work outside of school. Of course, some programs can help autistic folks find work, but Chris figured that was too stressful. Instead, he took the easy route with help from Bob: he applied for social security disability checks. While fellow students had to balance their schedules with jobs, Chris had all the time in the world to focus on school. After graduating, his whole life became free time. Without a job, Chris had little motivation to get his life together.
While scarcer than in modern times, records for this period are much more substantial than those of Chris's childhood. Even without external provocation or influence, the events of this period, including the Love Quest and the first Sonichu comics, were enough to make Chris an Internet legend and would lay the foundation for everything yet to come.
PVCC Saga (September 2000 - May 2006)
From 2000 to 2006, Chris attended Piedmont Virginia Community College, a local community college, to obtain a degree in Computer-Aided Drafting and Design. It took him five years of schooling to complete an ostensibly two-year degree, and this time in his life was not without drama. His 21st birthday in 2003 marked the beginning of the Love Quest. Chris would go around campus carrying a sign showing his demands for an ideal partner. Mary Lee Walsh, a dean at PVCC, confiscated the signs. He retaliated by making more; he even printed some out to put around campus walls. Chris eventually confronted Walsh, who banned him from PVCC for a year. Chris had to receive a psychological evaluation to be allowed back on campus, and he began using the sign in other locations. Chris immortalized Walsh as a cartoon villain in Sonichu.
PVCC Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Mary Lee Walsh
Lindsay Kaye
Kenechukwu C. U. "Kene" Meniru
Attraction Sign
CADD
University of Virginia
Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens
Autism Diagnosis
GAMe PLACe Saga (2002 - July 2012)
Currently the second-longest saga in Christory. For a long time, Chris had been visiting The GAMe PLACe on a regular basis. It was here that Chris would meet Megan herself, as well as Lucas and Mimms, two people who would deliver a number of intel over Chris during his time there. He also participated in the Pokemon TCG League, using his own poorly made decks. However, Chris was a pain in the ass to store manager Michael Snyder, and by August 2008, tired of Chris terrorizing various patrons, yelling at children, bogarting the TV and being an all-round pain, Michael would finally ban Chris from the store, embarrassing him and his mother in the process. It wouldn't be the end, however.
On multiple occasions, Chris returned to the store despite Michael's insistence that he never come back. He tried emails, sneaking in, and pleading on YouTube, but nothing worked. The first time he attempted (unsuccessfully, of course) to lift his ban in person was with a prepared, faux-apologetic speech. When that failed, he stormed out angrily and called Michael a JEW, then attempted to rally his "fanbase" and get them to troll him. The next occasion was much more disturbing. He claimed he was trying to take a picture of Michael to shoot at, but was caught in the act and was chased in the parking lot. Nearly running over Michael and his daughter, eventually the Jerkops got involved, but they did not arrest him. Michael accused him of trying to take pictures of his daughter. Whether it's true or not, it's confirmed that Chris has stalker tendencies.
The saga was revived in October 2011, when Chris and his mother visited the GAMe PLACe, and an incident occurred. Exact details of events remain unknown, but charges such as assaulting a law enforcement official and property damage of more than $1000 were brought. Barbara was sentenced to community service and two years of probation. Chris was sentenced to community service, one year of probation, and mandatory psychiatric treatment and evaluation. They also had to pay Michael Snyder's medical expenses.
GAMe PLACe Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Michael Snyder
Daniel Mimms
Barbara Chandler
Rob Bell
Megan Schroeder
Rocky Shoemaker
Lucas White
Champthom
GAMe PLACe Ban
Mimms and Lucas Q&A
GAMe PLACe Photo
Michael Snyder is ColdHearted and Mean
Greene County Conspiracy
Matthew Nobles call
6 June 2010
28 October 2011
Coinciding Sagas: Megan, First Exile, Jackie, Second Exile
Megan Saga (Summer 2005 - April 2008)
From 2005 to 21 April 2008, this told the story of Chris and his longest and closest relationship with a girl, Megan Schroeder, leading into Chris's first encounter with Encyclopedia Dramatica and Megan discovering the depths of Chris's madness. It began with a chance meeting at a Pokémon TCG League meeting at The GAMe PLACe, which progressed into inappropriate touching and ended with shocking hand-drawn pornography that was an embarrassment for all parties involved... excluding Chris. The saga would end when Megan told Chris she could no longer trust him. Nonetheless, Chris has refused to let her go, and his useless attempts at making amends have stretched all the way to 2018 (for reference, that's a decade since Megan cut off ties with him).
Megan Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Megan Schroeder
John Schroeder
Sailor Megtune
Megagi La Skunk
Christopher
Megan Emails, 2005-2006
Megan Emails, Jan-July 2007
Megan Emails, Aug-Dec 2007
Megan Emails, 2008
eBay loot
ShecameforCWC.JPG
John's Custom Gundam: Sisterly Rescue
Megan Shrine
Coinciding Sagas: Stackhouse, GAMePLACe, ED
Stackhouse Saga (June - 4 August 2007)
In June 2007, Chris entered and attempted to win a contest to win Megan's heart (more or less her china too), only to be beaten by a much superior entry made by one Adam Stackhouse. The saga resulted in madman-style threats and several angry e-mails and posts to contest organizers. Chris would rage for quite some time before deciding enough was enough. This was also the last time an unsuspecting member of the public inadvertently caused a saga. From then on, trolls would control the content.
Over a decade after the Saga concluded, Chris finally made peace with Stackhouse after the latter made a surprise appearance in the audience for Chris's panel at MAGfest 2018.
Stackhouse Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Adam Stackhouse
Megan Schroeder
Cole Smithey
Susan Hannifan
Nathen
PaRappa Contest
Cole Smithey E-mails
PSN blogs
Chris's entry
Adam's entry
CWC is Angry
Coinciding Sagas: Megan
Classic Chris Era (27 October 2007 to 20 March 2010)
The era that most associate with Chris. The mists of antiquity begin to fade on 27 October 2007, when an unrelated thread on the Something Awful forums was derailed by someone mentioning seeing our epic cycle's hero in the flesh.
ED Saga (November 2007 - 14 April 2011)
In November 2007, trolls would discover Chris and create a page about him on Encyclopedia Dramatica. Chris would initially think that they just got his information wrong, but as time would go on, Chris would reveal the true depths of his insanity, in the process destroying his friendship with Megan Schroeder and becoming the epic lolcow we know him to be. Were it not for this article showing how susceptible he was to trolling and how divinely autistic he could be, Chris may have just been another dumbass with no life, and probably would have been more or less forgotten by now. To this day, ED remains a thorn in his side which he must constantly address to those new to his life. Further to this, he still maintains they are out to do him harm, although the site has long since fallen out of relevance in Chris's life, replaced with outlets such as the Kiwi Farms.
Encyclopedia Dramatica Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Jason Kendrick Howell
Vikivil
Evan Christopher George
Kathleen
Daniel Mimms
Anna McLerran
Discovery on the Something Awful Forums
ED Edits
4-cent garbage.com
Evan E-mails
CWC's Second Message
Sonichu and Rosechu's Luv Shack
You know what, I HATE ME TOO!!!
Sonichu Episode 17
Coinciding Sagas: Megan
Blanca Saga (August - 21 October 2008)
Around August 2008, Chris would meet Blanca Weiss, making her his first Internet sweetheart. Aside from being the first sweetheart, she also proved how tenacious and strange Chris could be about relationships, revealing several quirks and oddities that he felt were somehow appropriate to mention to someone he believed loved him. It also showed how useless any white knighting efforts could be. In the span of two months, Blanca (actually three trolls working in tandem) would release the infamous pictures of Chris naked, then obtain Chris's medallions and film a video of them cutting one up and setting it ablaze.
Blanca Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Blanca
Lordsillynipples
Jiggliami
The Man in the Pickle Suit
Sarah Jackson
Jessie Ruddy
Andrew Simmons
Statustjej
Blanca E-Mails: (1 • 2 • 3)
Spring Break, 2008!
Nudes
Jiggliami Medallion
Chris's Letter to Blanca
We're Being Watched
Blanca destroys the Medallion
Chris Chan Update 21 October 2008
Coinciding Sagas: Jimmy Hill, PandaHalo
Jimmy Hill Saga (Mid-2008/Late 2008)
At the same time Chris was dealing with Blanca, he was hit with another troll attack as he was led to believe that a man known as Jimmy Hill was using the Sonichu name and character to make money off of him in Europe. The thought of someone making money from his true and original creation led him to stress out and provide proof of the infringement. Those attacks would end around the same time the Blanca Saga ended.
Jimmy Hill Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Jimmy Hill
JK Productions
The Official and Original Sonichu
Chris Chan Update 13 October 2008
IRC (24 October 2008)
Coniciding Sagas: Blanca
Clyde Cash Saga (December 2008 - Mid-2010)
In 2008, Chris encountered a new troll named Clyde Cash, who went on a months-long trolling spree to get back at the autistic wonder for supposedly causing his brother's suicide. The saga would result in the revelation of a top secret organization hellbent on preventing the manchild from losing his virginity. It only ended with the apparent death of its creator.
However, in September 2009 Chris resumed his war against Clyde Cash after discovering that he and another supposed troll, Gregg Mays, were one and the same person. In the process, he made numerous videos attempting to blackmail the man, going so far as to mock a national tragedy.
Clyde Cash Saga
The Players
Organizations: Sonichu Girls
People: Chris • Clyde Cash • Vivian Gee • Ryan Cash • Lordsillynipples • Bryan Bash • Sarah May • BILLY MAYS • Ignatius J. Reilly
Inanimate Objects: Clown Doll
The Games
Platforms: IRC
Chris vs. Clyde:
Clyde's Return:
Spider-Man Blackmail:
Vivian Gee:
DIRTY CRAPPED BRIEFS!
Take that Page DOWN NOW!
Secret Weapon
I WILL PAWNCH HIS LIGHTS OUT!!
YouTube Finale
Chris Calls Clyde Out
(Clyde's) Trollsta's Paradise
Clyde Cash the kid video
Challenge for Clyde
Chris Loses It
Challenge for Clyde II
You can go burn in hell for all I care
I AM STRONG
To Clyde and Jack
Clyde Cash Impersonation
To Clyde Gregg
ClydeGoingOnGregg1
Clyde's Buddy Matt Getting SUPER-LAID!!!
Clyde is Weaker than Water
Getting Foam Ed
It will never end
Twin Falling Towers
Apology for 9/11 Joke
No More Jokes
Audiobooks
Videobooks
Vivian Gee E-mails (2007-2008 • 2009 • 2010)
Vivitheg's AIM chat
A Girl Who Brought Down the World
4 September 2009
Coinciding Sagas
ED • PandaHalo • Julie • PS3 Hacking • Emily • Ivy • Tito • Jackie • First Exile
PandaHalo Saga (Mid-2008/Late 2008 - February 2009)
When Chris realized Blanca was a troll, he would move on to PandaHalo as his new sweetheart. The saga came to a quick and abrupt end when he found out that she was supposedly found to be bearing the child of Clyde Cash, conceived through rape. Unsurprisingly, the ever-gullible Chris would quickly abandon Panda and she would (presumably) die in the Australian brushfires, despite living miles away from the incident; question remains as to whether she really died in this event, or was actually working in tandem with Clyde, their relationship being consensual after all. She would end up giving trolls the Scrapbook of Fail and Slideshow.
PandaHalo Saga
The Players:
The IRC Chats:
The Videos:
Chris
PandaHalo
Clyde Cash
Robert Simmons V
Chloe
Statustjej
Chloe Discussion
First Sarah Chat
Period Freakout
Chris Friendzones Sarah
Attempted Sex Chat
Two-Timing
Clyde rapes Sarah
Chris Sex Logs
Chris Sex Videos
Never Gonna Give You Up
Sarah's 'Death'
Scrapbook of Fail
Slideshow
Coinciding Sagas: Blanca, Clyde Cash, Julie
Miyamoto Saga (January - 10 February 2009)
In the beginning of January 2009, Chris would be confronted by a troll posing as Nintendo developer Shigeru Miyamoto, claiming he would attempt to try to make his Sonichu game fantasy a reality. Unfortunately, Chris proved to be nothing more than a couch potato, and his ineptitude resulted in horrible delays and stalls to the project's advancement. In the end, "Reggie Fils-Aimé" shut down the entire project with a scathing letter. This trolling encounter would have Chris give trolls a PowerPoint project that talked in great length about himself...and very little about his game.
Miyamoto Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Gregg Mays (Jason Kendrick Howell • Clyde Cash) • Shigeru Miyamoto • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Takashi Tezuka • Jay Z • Statustjej
E-mails: Gregg Mays E-mails • Miyamoto E-mails • Reggie E-mails
Gregg Mays:
Nintendo:
Calling Gregg Out
I am STRAIGHT
I'LL BREAK YOU DEAD!!!
CWC to Mr. Miyamoto
The Sonichu Chronicles
Chris vs. Nintendo of America
Apology to Nintendo
Nintendo's official response
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash
Julie Saga (February - March 2009)
Arguably the most divisive and controversial out of Chris's trolls until the Idea Guys. In February 2009 to early March 2009, Chris's latest sweetheart would be Julie, who was in actuality a 13-year-old troll named BlueSpike. In this brief timeframe, BlueSpike would release the infamous sex tape and then torture Chris in many ways in the infamous Julie Reveals Herself chat, where he forced Chris to declare BILLY MAYS mayor of CWCville and destroy his second medallion by forcing him to shove it up the dumper. BlueSpike's total and utter control over Chris, as well as his arguably abusive ways of trolling him, would lead to a schism between trolls, leading to the creation of the PVCC and this very wiki. One other less disturbing yet no less fascinating incident that came about as a result of this Saga was the Ohio Trip; taking place just a week before the infamous reveal, Chris was willing to drive hundreds of miles to Cleveland in the hopes of rescuing Julie from Max and Clyde Cash; needless to say, this has been the furthest he's driven for any Sweetheart, and since then Chris was unwilling to drive significantly shorter distances to meet later potential girlfriends such as Kacey and Jackie in the years that followed.
Julie Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Miscreants
People: Chris • BlueSpike (Julie • Max) • Clyde Cash • Sarah May • Bryan Bash • BILLY MAYS • Statustjej • Bob Chandler • Aunt Corrina
Inanimate Objects: Kimmi
The Games
Platforms: IRC • Mumble • PSN • Skype
Places: Molvanîa • Ohio
Mumble Chats: (1 • 2 • 3 • 3.5 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 9.5 • 10 • 11 • 12)
BlueSpike PSN Chats: (1 • 2 • 3 • 3.5 • 3.7 • 4)
BlueSpike Skype Logs: (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13)
Art: Silvana Masturbation • Rosechu with a strap-on
Julie's Introduction:
Sarah May:
Chris vs. Clyde:
Sex Leaks:
The Miscreants:
The Reveal:
The Aftermath:
Letter from Julie
Ode to Julie
Sarah May Skype Logs
Barb almost goes off
Supporting Sarah May
Sarah's Attempted Suicide
Chris Comes Out of the Closet
Chris Destroys His Vibrator
Promise to Clean Room
Sex Discussion
For Julie's Eyes Only
CWC Cums for a Cat
Bob Walks In
Bob Walks In Aftermath
The Miscreants' Introduction
Continuation of Introduction
Julie is kidnapped
Ohio trip
Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel
Julie Reveals Herself
Chris Dispels Some Rumors
BlueSpike Gets the Boot
Clyde Murders BlueSpike
Coinciding Sagas
Clyde Cash • PandaHalo • PS3 Hacking
PS3 Hacking Saga (March 3 2009 - 30 August 2010)
After Bluespike's vicious abuse of Chris, he was shunned, and kicked out of The Miscreants. However, many trolls took inspiration from him hacking into Chris's beloved PlayStation Network account, and used this as an inspiration for future trolling plans. On 22 May 2009, Clyde Cash would fake his death and subsequently hack into Chris's PSN account, but he would get outplayed by a greater foe.
During July 2009, Jack Thaddeus would work with his daughter Samantha Thaddeus in order to gain access to Chris's PSN Account. Jack made Chris do many things in order to get his account back, including making two videos proclaiming his acceptance of gay people, and a video of him humping his PS3 for 8 minutes straight.
On 24 February 2010, Surfshack Tito would hack into Chris's PSN account, and less than a month later he would steal his girl.
On 3 May 2010, Chris would find an article on the CWCki, detailing how Clyde had placed a bugging device in his PS3, leading him to rip off the wifi antenna. On the same day, he would go undercover as a 14-year old troll named 'JenkinsJinkies', where he would be invited to a secret trolling forum called Trollin Train.
On the forum was a list of bounties, including a $9000 reward for anyone who could destroy Chris's PS3. Chris decided to claim the bounty, and recorded a video of him hitting it with a brick, running it over with his car, and then stabbing it with scissors. Unfortunately for him, Tito gave the reward to Liquid Chris, under the belief he was the TRUE and HONEST CWC. And so Chris was left with no money and no PS3...until he bought a new one a few days later.
PS3 Hacking Saga
The Players
People: Chris (JenkinsJinkies • Bill Riley) • Clyde Cash • Jack Thaddeus • Surfshack Tito • BlueSpike • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay • Liquid Chris • Champthom • PandaHalo
E-mails and Chats: Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
The Games:
The Prizes:
PlayStation Network
Trollin Train
CWCki Edits
HEX-BOX
LittleBiGPlanet
It's UGH!
Chris humps his PS3
CWC "Boyfriend"
I Pimp My Ride.MOV
JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication.MOV
Jenkins Gay Erotica
Stardate, August 27, 2010
The MovingFoward videos
ItIsFinished.MOV
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Julie, Tito, First Exile, Jackie,
Emily Saga (March 2009 - 4 October 2010)
A troll, known online as 'LoveYouLongTime' would start interacting with Chris after he broke up with Julie, under the name 'Emily'. They quickly starting dating, and would meet up in a now infamous date, where a man wearing a pickle costume would walk up and steal her away from him. She would later announce in a phone call that she had broken up with Chris, had sex with the pickle man, and was living with Clyde Cash.
She would continue interacting with Chris, under the name 'Kim Wilson'. Despite Kim and Chris meeting up multiple times, he had no idea she was Emily, due to his facial blindness. During her tenure as Kim, she would take Chris to a bar two times and introduce him to Magical Man. She would continue talking with Chris all the way until 2018, though her last major interaction was when he told her that he spooned regularly with Barb
She's also met up with him pretending to be multiple other women, though none of these interactions are known.
Emily Saga
The Players
People: Chris • LoveYouLongTime (Emily • Kim Wilson • Unknown Gal-pals) • Bob Chandler • Man in the Pickle Suit • Magical Man • Clyde Cash • Faeryn • Robert Simmons V • Bryan Bash • Statustjej
LoveYouLongTime:
Emily:
Kim:
E-mails (2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎)
Kiwi Farms Posts
Church Visit
Date with Emily
Hooker incident
Sign Destruction Video
A Message to Chris Chan. From an old friend.
Chris's Big Night Out
Chris's Big Night Out II
Rollin' and Trollin'
Magical Man Potion
Confirmation of spooning
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Liquid
Ivy Saga (March - July 2009)
In March 2009, a girl named Ivy decided to impress a friend by asking Chris for a video shout-out. She didn't know what would come later; his crush towards her would lead him to create 3 special comics and two music videos, a practical spurt of work that wouldn't be surpassed for awhile. The saga also revealed Chris at his creepiest yet, scarring many trolls and Christorians, but also provided an incredibly important resource for the latter in showing Chris's Heart Level at perhaps the strongest it had been since 2007, at least for a time. The saga also resulted in a proposal of marriage. Despite the work spurt, the saga would come to an abrupt end thanks to a combination of troll interference from Joshua Martinez and interference from Bob Chandler and Rocky Shoemaker, leading to Ivy's (fabricated) suicide.
Ivy Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Ivy O'Neil
Vanessa Hudgens
Bob Chandler
Barbara Chandler
Rocky Shoemaker
Clyde Cash
Layla
Crass and Champ
Rachel
Flora
Ivy Q&A
April 16 Fetish Vids
Sonichu Special 1
Wedding Comic
Giant Penis Comic
CWC's Message for Ivy
Chris Sings Fart Song for Flora
STRANGLE THAT CLYDE CASH!!!
Holding Out For a Hero
Bunny Hop
Coinciding Sagas: Vanessa, Clyde Cash
Vanessa Saga (April - May 2009)
In April 2009, troll and fellow speech therapy attendee Joshua Martinez succeeded in getting Chris to believe that the High School Musical actress and pop star Vanessa Hudgens was in contact with him, through Joshua's AIM, in retaliation for Chris's horrible attempt at getting ED to troll him like Chris, himself, had been trolled. Chris would create videos to show that he was movie-star material, going so far as to cheat on his current true and honest sweetheart. Predictably, he wasn't exactly the type Vanessa was looking for.
This saga goes to show that even the most gullible of things can get by Chris, even when the perceived truth is a horrible excuse of ammunition against the poor manchild, which just shows how desperate he may be for romantic attention.
Vanessa Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Joshua Martinez (Vanessa Hudgens • Lori Lopez)
Ivy O'Neil
Rocky Shoemaker
Statustjej
Vanessa AIM Chats (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
TGI Fridays
A CWC Audition
Shower Video
Power
CWCFlyingElephants
Coinciding Sagas: Ivy
CWCipedia Saga (4 May 2009 – 26 June 2010)
In early June 2009, Chris was given his own wiki to upload his comics and blog about his personal life, safe from the trolls who instantly dive at his other web pages and hack them. It doubled as a source for the CWCki to draw many of Chris's latest failures from, making it his best friend and his worst enemy.
On 19 November 2009, perhaps one of the greatest features the wiki introduced was the Mailbag, in which a dump of all fan e-mails sent to the admin's address could be answered by Chris, for all to see. This feature provided insight into how Chris responds to trolls through e-mail about his views on, for example, homosexuality, GodJesus, autism, etc.
After 23 November 2009, advertisements linking to porn sites, gay rights organizations, information on Asperger's syndrome, and the Asperpedia took residence on the CWCipedia, paid for by trolls. Eventually, Alec, the creator of Asperchu, paid Jack Thaddeus to replace most, if not all, of the ads with ads for Asperpedia. Chris had complained repeatedly to the SysOp of the Wiki about these ads, which would have paid for the site until the end of 2010, pending negotiations.[2] All of this had "stressed" Chris out to the point of uploading videos of himself screaming death threats upon the advertisers' heads, and creating a separate, stress-free, ad-free front page.
This saga would lead to the site being shut down twice in a row, both due to copyright infringement, and would lead to the death of Simonla Rosechu in the most humiliating way - death by exploding toilet.
The Asperpedia team would continue to vandalize and hijack CWCipedia in a variety of ways until it finally collapsed in May, and Chris finally abandoned the site after already making numerous claims that he'd quit the Internet forever. After Mao moved in to fill the void, he passed ownership to Alec and Vivian Gee, wherein they took over the site and the rights to Sonichu to begin Sonichu Season 2, where ultimately, on 26 June 2010, the entire site would be terminated along with the entirety of the original 110mb server.
CWCipedia Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Cogsdev
Champthom
Mao Ling
The Wallflower
Jack Thaddeus
Alec Benson Leary
Vivian Gee
Bailey Jay
Evan George
Ignatius J. Reilly
Vandalism
Advertisements
Mailbag
Gay 4 Sonichu
Chris's Wikipedia profile
CWC Blog
CWCRockin4Way.jpg
Autism Awareness E-mails
Jack Thaddeus Calls (1 • 2 • 3)
Coinciding Sagas: Asperchu, Tito
Liquid Chris Saga (21 June - 10 November 2009)
In July 2009, Chris came up with a plan to try getting the trolls off his back. He faked a revelation that he was apparently a troll himself who is the complete opposite of Chris in real life. Along then came the TRUE and HONEST Christian Weston Chandler, which got the other Chris (at this point nicknamed Ian Brandon Anderson and Solid Chris) really pent up with rage. Ian would challenge Chris to a sing-off, with the TRUE and HONEST CWC proving himself the victor in the end. The appearance of this other Chris would pressure the other into churning out more comics than he had before, currently heading for the completion of Sonichu #9, something that many believed would never happen due to the interference of many trolls.
Later, Liquid would return to continue on his quest to get rid of this faker. In the process of this new entry to the saga, Ian and Chris would battle over the heart of Chris's true love, Kacey. In the end, after a long series of calls that proved Ian to be unworthy of her love, the real Chris would win out and marry Kacey. Liquid's YouTube account would eventually close on 27 July 2011.
Liquid Saga
The Players
People: Solid Chris (Ian) • Liquid Chris • Kacey Devoria • Kim Wilson • Matthew Devoria • Katie Bay • Clyde Cash • Spazkid
The Calls
SHOWDOWN: The TRUE CWC Confronts The FAKE • Kacey calls (Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real)
Liquid Videos:
Solid Videos:
Antebellum Messages
The CWCivil War
Post Victory
The Fight for Kacey
REAL Protest against the FAKE
CWC Update 29 July 2009
That Goatee WILL Grow Back
CHRIS!!! CHANDLER!!!
NO D*** WAY, IMPOSTOR!!!
CWC is Sad
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, Emily
Asperchu Saga (November 2009 - 10 January 2012)
In late November 2009, an artist named Alec Benson Leary started a new series called Asperchu, starring the titular Electric Hedgehog Pokemon. Chris had spent most of December ignoring Asperchu and its popularity before finally exploding with rage, claiming the series as nothing more than fanfiction and a parody. The popularity of Asperchu, combined with Chris's continuing downward spiral that is Sonichu #10, led many of Chris's fans to abandon Sonichu and go to Asperchu.
Most of the saga has been spent with Chris raging at not just Alec, but also Evan, Sean, and Asperpedia admin Mao over their usage of their characters and how they mock him. As well, Chris has been dealing with Evan over the usage of Simonla Rosechu, with Chris going so far as to deny reality and substitute it with his own.
In terms of productivity, it has given us Sonichu #10, which showcases Chris going all out in trying to get rid of everything he hates, including homosexuality and trolls. In that same book, Chris kills all four trolls involved in this saga as retaliation for making him kill Simonla Rosechu. Also, nine phone calls have been leaked. These phone calls show Alec attempting to get through to Chris and his way of thinking and Chris fighting tooth and nail not to change at all.
In the aftermath of the saga, Evan ceased his Simonchu comic, proud to have Simonla removed, Alec and Sean continued their respective comics, and Mao continues to poke and jab at Chris. And while the saga had for the most part died down, Asperpedia continued to harass its rival CWCipedia, either by placing new ads, vandalizing it, or shutting it down altogether. One of the post-trial ads even precipitated Chris's falling out with Jackie.
Alec Benson Leary would later be called out by Chris in 2011, and his identity was "revealed" as Christopher Paul Whitney, followed by Chris sloppily devouring a cheap microwavable pizza. This later turned out to be fake as months later, the real Christopher Paul Whitney made a response to Chris and essentially confirmed he was not Alec.
Asperchu Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Alec Benson Leary
Evan Christopher George
Mao Ling
Sean August Watley
Asperchu
The Comic itself
Asperpedia
Alec Benson Leary calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
Moon-Pals
Alec Q&A
Sonichu 10
12 January 2010
Down with Asperchu
U8C43P2A37A8 y U8C1N023V0L
Asperchu is a Horrendous Joke
Address to Mao, the S.O.B.
9 February 2010
Coinciding Sagas: CWCipedia
Tito Saga (January 2010 - 10 August 2011)
Sometime in January 2010, Chris met and fell in love with The Wallflower, hoping she would be the one who'd end his streak of being a virgin with rage. On 9 March 2010, Chris would release a LittleBigPlanet video of a stage based off a book he was helping write with his gal-pal... and release her name in the process. Dedicated trolls used the information to discover the gal-pal's identity, but decided to let the lulz spread naturally. The next day, however, a troll revealed the information to the gal-pal, and while one set of lulz was stopped, another one was set into motion.
The troll, calling himself Surfshack Tito, claimed responsibility for not only hacking his PSN accounts for the umpteenth time, but also stealing The Wallflower from Chris. Chris, in response, threatened to go all out and seemingly try to murder Tito, threatening him with a pocket knife, attacking him with racial slurs, and flashing his underwear while wearing a Scottish kilt. At the same time, Chris discovered and declared war on the CWCki, demanding that all pages involving himself, his friends and family be altered to suit his needs. To put it bluntly, Chris's attack on the CWCki fell utterly short.
The creativity here has been utterly stunted, especially after The Wallflower left him. He has gone on to blame his fans for wanting him to make more comics and compared them to the trolls that have tormented him. He has also vowed to leave the Internet forever, though he ended up reshowing his face 36 hours after his vow...
Tito was a major player in getting Chris to destroy his PS3 for a fake bounty. Chris and Tito planned to meet up at a Starbucks where a pickleman would give him the money, but despite waiting Tito would never show up. Tito later explained this was because he gave the money to Liquid Chris
Echoes of this saga would be eventually heard in August 2011 when, after announcing his glorious comeback to the Internet, Chris claimed to have discovered the true identity of Tito and tried to blackmail him using this information. Tito eventually gave in to his demands on 9 August, which Chris later acknowledged and accepted.
Tito Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
The Wallflower
Surfshack Tito
Clyde Cash
Cogsdev
Champthom
Surfshack Tito E-mails
Wallflower E-mails (1 • 2 • 3)
Surfshack Tito (video)
A message to the Trolls
Tito Got No Luck Against We Brits, Irish and Scots!
Plea to "Damian Antaria"
Chris Drops the N-Bomb
C-Ya Later
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, PS3 Hacking, CWCipedia, First Exile, Calling Out
Dark Ages (20 March 2010 to 3 September 2014)
Though the Miscreants could collectively keep Chris on edge for well over a year, it was inevitable that the archetypical lolcow would someday cease to give milk. His seeking out the Wallflower and then Jackie in person, instead of believing every self-declared boyfriend-free girl who caught his fancy online, was an early sign of the changing atmosphere: Chris's ill-fated attempt to seduce her marked a shift from focusing on on-line to real-world affairs. Information on Chris's life would increasingly need to be sought through Flipnote Hatena, in-person encounters and other sources beside the Internet; traditional videos became less frequent. Occasional transvestitism would soon become permanent as Chris began to leave his old identity behind him. Surprisingly, Chris would come to abstain even from his traditional pursuit of women and put the Sonichu comic on indefinite hiatus.
All sagas during this period are of this early transitional phase: Bob Chandler's death in late 2011 drew a veil over Chris's affairs for the next several years. Direct records from Chris during this time are nearly exclusively found on Facebook; for a time, it appeared that Chris had learnt from his many years of abuse at the Internet's hands and was finally keeping a low profile. We are again dependent mostly on third-party sources for events such as Snyder's near-death at Chris's hands, the resulting conviction and the 2014 house fire in the following years. Organic CWC-generated activity would not re-emerge until mid-2014, proving that he had, in fact, learnt nothing from past events.
First Exile (20 March 2010 - 29 August 2010)
After Chris lost the Wallflower and fought with Surfshack Tito, an outside force attempted to push Chris away from the Internet. No less than five times, Chris has boldly claimed that he has abandoned the Internet and smugly told his detractors that they should go outside and live their lives, advice Chris should have followed years ago. However, Chris still latched onto the Internet as much as he could, trying to find ways to sneak in without the force discovering him.
During this period he started a relationship with a girl named Jacklyn Romy, and infiltrated the inner circle of trolls using his persona 'JenkinsJinkies'.
Trolls would end up discovering Chris dancing like a dying turkey at Fridays After Five, then discover that he had set up shop at Flipnote Hatena, where he tried to spread his sick and twisted thoughts to younger, innocent people before being shut down several times. However, the thing that would finally bring Chris back to the Internet and end his exile would be the destruction of his beloved Life Upgrade. At his own hands, no less!
First Exile
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Rocky Shoemaker
Fridays After Five
Flipnote Hatena
Carlos Chantor
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie, PS3 Hacking
Jackie Saga (5 April - 26 November 2010; 7 December 2010 - May 2012)
Following the Wallflower incident's fallout, Chris pulled himself away from the Internet, only for him to meet and begin conversing to a woman named Jackie. Meeting her at The Hook Cafe, the two began conversing through e-mails, revealing the rationale in Chris's attempts to get back into The GAMe PLACe and showing he's still incredibly disturbing. However, Chris broke off his relationship with her after she attempted to get him to change his life for the better.
Around September 2010, Jackie and Chris were confirmed to have attempted to try again with a relationship, with Chris creating even more disturbing videos in the process. A third party--Lars McNulty, Jackie's ex-boyfriend--stepped in by the end of September, prompting Chris to release several videos attacking his newfound enemy. Video updates became increasingly bizarre, but still occurred regularly until the end of October.
By November, the leaked correspondence showed that Jackie was getting increasing impatient as Chris kept failing to fulfill her requests, while Chris made up a lot of lame excuses for why he could not deliver on them, all while continuously begging Jackie to have sex with him. On November 26, Jackie would send Chris the latest in a string of e-mails in which she criticized him for his laziness and unwillingness when it came to pay a more active part in relationships, and how he, despite of this, kept begging her for sex. Chris stopped responding at this point, leading many to believe that the Jackie saga had finished.
However, in December, Jackie and Chris were in contact again. This would not be known until 2013, where a whole bunch of emails from then to September 2011 were leaked. During this time, Chris came out as a tomgirl to her, while she later got Chris to make a bunch of humiliating videos, including Cakefarts. These would be leaked in February 2012, leading to Chris unfriending her on Facebook in April, though refriending her a month later. She was never heard from again, putting an end to the saga.
Jackie Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Jacklyn Romy • Lars McNulty • Sydney Kirsch
Emails and Chats
Emails: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Acts of Love:
Halloween Contest:
For J-R's Eyes Only.MOV
Song for Jackie.MOV
Lars' Ship has Sunk.MOV
Lars Is Jivin'.MP4
Tomgirl Pictures
Cakefarts
Chris and Jackie's Date
DivineTrial
Grimace Cosplay
Clyde Cash Cosplay
Alec and Liquid Cosplay
Cherokee Cosplay
Chris-Chan Sonichu Cosplay
Cleveland Cosplay
Pregnant Act
Breast Cancer Awareness
Coinciding Sagas: GAMePLACe, First Exile, Calling Out, Second Exile
Calling Out Saga (6 August - 6 September 2011)
During the beginning of August, Chris began to release videos as an attempt to get some sort of reprisal and apology out of the trolls. Chris warned the trolls that if they didn't meet his demands on the deadline Chris had set for them, then Chris would leak information that he believed to be true, even though most believe some of the information to be fake. This saga is notable for videos that showcase Chris's new Tomgirl look, and further set in stone the aformentioned Tomgirl Saga. Though Chris reached the zenith of the Calling Out Saga on a high, having believed himself to have exiled some of his most prominent rivals from the internet, these series of videos would, however, come to an abrupt end after tragedy struck the Chandler household.
Calling Out Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Thorg (Jeremy Slonwhite) • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • Jack Thaddeus (Ahuviya Harel) • Surfshack Tito (Don) • Alec Benson Leary (Christopher Paul Whitney) • BlueSpike (NessHelper)
Call-Outs:
ReCall-Outs:
Responses:
Results:
Calling Out "Tito" - Don
Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Calling Out "Alec Benson Leary" - Christopher
Calling Out Jack Thaddius - Ahuviya
Calling Out "Julaaaay" - David
Deadline for Don "Tito" and Jeremy "Thorg"
Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Correction of EX relationship status
Re-Calling Ahuvia
Tito's offical response
Alec's offical response
ADF vs CWC
Thorg Q&A
Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
Victory Rockout
Response to ADF
Christopher Paul Whitney reveal
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
Second Exile (6 September 2011 - 9 July 2014)
Unlike the other exiles listed here, the Second CWC Exile came unannounced with the death of his father.
Then came October 28, a day which will live in infamy for Chris.
After trespassing and running over Michael Snyder, he and Barb were arrested.
Despite the help of Rob Bell, they were found guilty and were sentenced.
Since that day, most, if not all of Chris's internet activity were confined to his Facebook account, where he would gripe about loneliness and nostalgia.
It wasn't until 2013 where he uploaded a new video.
Although January 2014 would bring him back to the spotlight briefly due to a house fire, it wasn't until the Sonic Boom saga where he would return to relevance.
Second Exile
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Bob Chandler
Michael Snyder
Rob Bell
Mia Hamm
Barbara Chandler
Rocky Shoemaker
Anna McLerran
Kim Wilson
Null
William Waterman
Death of Bob Chandler
Facebook
This is how the Trial went
2012 Poster campaign
House Fire
The "Black Tape"
Rocky Shoemaker call
You're Always Pretty
Message for John Kyle
Lego Manchester High
Tour of Chris's House II
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
Renaissance (3 September 2014 to 24 October 2017)
A combination of events - namely yet another failed online sweetheart, and showing hatred for a Sonic the Hedgehog reboot so immense that it would eventually get him arrested - would lead to Chris being dragged back into the Internet spotlight.
Catherine Saga (9 July - 14 December 2014)
With his newly acquired feminine wiles from his transition to a Tomgirl, Chris managed to attract a sweetheart who would be his first lesbian romance. In the summer of 2014, Chris would reveal he had found a new sweetheart, whose identity he managed to surprisingly conceal for period of time. Later, he would reveal that her name was Catherine. Predictably, she turned out to be a troll, who revealed much about Chris having met with him twice. Catherine's associate, Cousin Al, would also meet the two of them at Applebee's, to which Chris would invite both of them to the charred remains of his house following a fire. From there, Al would collect several of Chris's old Manchester High assignments.
According to Catherine, his behavior had not improved since the sexual harassment in the early days of the Megan Saga, and neither had the Chandlers's comprehension of basic sanitation. In addition to Catherine's observation on her personal encounters, Chris also announced he had got a piercing on his perineum, meaning this Saga provides some more detail on Chris's disturbing new features as a Tomgirl.
Catherine Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Catherine Sorrentino
Thetan (Rebeckah Bentley • Renee)
Cousin Al
Colin
Marvin
Shaina
Anna McLerran
Catherine E-mails
Colin Chats (1 • 2)
Open Relationship E-mails
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
Applebee's Date
IRL Tour of 14 Branchland Court
Rental House Tour
I Love You, Catherine
Apology Letters
Three-Quarter Woman
Taint Piercing
Coinciding Sagas: Sonic Boom
Sonic Boom Saga (3 September 2014 - 7 December 2015)
This Saga began with Chris grumbling on Facebook about the announcement of the latest Sonic game, Sonic Boom. Chris wasn't alone in his discontent; many of his Facebook friends expressed disapproval about the deteriorating quality of the Sonic games. What made Chris unique in his irritation, is that the fact that Chris only took umbrage at the fact that the color of Sonic's arms had been changed from tan to blue.
This baffled most of his white knights, with William Elliott Waterman trying to explain just how ludicrous Chris's demands to Sega to revert back to blue were, especially considering Sonic Boom was not part of the Sonic canon. The fact that Sega had no control in the design of Sonic's arms did not deter him and, thanks to his white knights who unwaveringly encouraged him, he began to protest. Initially, his protest against the "Blue-Armed Bandit" took the form of Facebook boycott groups, petitions, and angry messages on Sega Facebook pages.
On Boxing Day, however, this Saga came into bloom, culminating in Chris's second pending court case. Despite warnings from even his most loyal white knights, Chris had decided to take it upon himself to bring the protest into the real world. He went into his local GameStops and vandalized the display cases, including stores he had previously been banned from. It was during his visit to one of these stores that had banned Chris that resulted in his arrest on Boxing Day. Chris had been seen and asked to leave by the management. After initially ignoring their requests he made his way towards the exit and, whilst on the way out, maced an employee, who hadn't been involved in his removal. As a result, Chris spent the weekend in jail, only to have Barb bail him out afterwards.
Despite this, he continues to go on a tard rage over Sonic's blue arms, calling out Kengle because he owns a comic with blue-armed Sonic, sending glitterbombs to Sega, and buying a Sonic Boom doll just to rip its arms off.
Later though, Chris claims victory in the blue arms debacle, due to Sonic the Hedgehog being his non-blue-armed form in Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. He says this is the final update for the group, but only time will tell if he's telling the truth.
Ultimately, after six days in court, Chris was found guilty on 15 October 2015 for the GameStop incident and was fined $541 along with a 180-day probation. Thus, the Blue Arms Saga ends (or has it?). Months later, Chris instructed his fanbase to boycott local stores which refused his request to be unbanned.
Sonic Boom Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Yellow-Shirted Foe
Kenneth Engelhardt
Monozettai
Sonic Boom Protests
Sonic the Hedgehog
GameStop
Facebook
Keep Sonic Original
FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
26 December 2014
2014 Jail Calls
Apology for Mace Incident
Coinciding Sagas: Catherine
Lady Managers Saga (17 November 2015 - July 2016)
Between fall 2015 and summer 2016, Chris was in contact with people he vaguelly dubbed his ladyfriends or managers. During this time, he would be trolled by various characters - Jeff/Francine Ouzos, a thinly-disguised parody and wealthy rival of Chris; Sam and Ellen, a lesbian couple considering Chris as a sperm donor, to whom he showed off his frozen sperm collection; and Johan, the catalyst for the Lesbian Sex Audition.
This saga saw the return of Chris uploading videos to YouTube after a years-long hiatus.
Lady Managers Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Lady Managers
Francine
Sam and Ellen
Johan
Doxing Jeff/Francine
Chris's Specimen Sample
Lesbian Sleepover Party Announcement
CWC Responds to a bully named Johan
Lesbian Sex Audition
Pmurt Saga (25 September 2016 - 20 January 2017)
The saga started with a Facebook comment on 25 September in where he decried then Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for his anti-LGBTQ opinions and misogynistic attitudes, labeling him "Pmurt" in an attempt to spite him. Many found this comment surprising, as Chris has been historically neutral in politics. As the election drew closer, Chris continued to criticize Trump, seemingly oblivious to the irony that any negative trait he could levy was far more applicable to himself. This saga reached its peak when Trump was elected president. During this point, he would make death threats to him.
This culminated in a one-week ban from Facebook.
On Inauguration day, Chris would make one last attack. Although Chris still holds negative opinions of Pmurt, he is not nearly as expressive with his vitriol as he was during this saga. Even when Trump was impeached, Chris gave no thoughts on it.
Pmurt Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Pmurt
Transformers
Christine Doll
LEGO
Oh, Wait. I've got one more...
Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt
Eid, Pmurt, Eid
Feelings of the election results
The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge
The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever
Down with tyranny; rally in Hawaii
Doopie Saga (7 March - 26 September 2017)
Also coined by the Kiwi Farms, this saga began when Chris made a tweet empathizing with Planet Dolan animator and artist DoopieDoOver. He began frequently replying to her tweets, usually with small talk and the occasional sharing of a life experience, or shameless attempts at flirting. The saga's climax began on 1 August, when Chris pledged to Doopie's alternative Patreon account, "Kittenbell", which handles pornographic commissions. The same day, Chris listed her among his Gal pals on "National Girlfriend Day", only for her to promptly rebuke him.
Afterward, Doopie tweeted about the harassment she was receiving (from Chris), went to the Kiwi Farms, and leaked his private e-mails to her business account. Chris discovered that Doopie had turned on him and desperately followed several of Doopie's friends (including her boyfriend) in an attempt to stay connected. However, he unfollowed most of them when it became clear his plan would not work, while the rest blocked him themselves.
Doopie has not contacted Chris since August 2017; his hopes of building her into a sweetheart or gal pal from the ground up, predictably, were in vain. By September, Chris had found a new sweetheart and moved on. Their interactions showed that Chris's immense social ineptitude and creepy behavior have not abated. Doopie inadvertently became the greatest troll Chris faced in many years, breaking his heart and feeding new information to Christorians.
Doopie Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris (NightStar2891)
Planet Dolan
DoopieDoOver
LadyOfTheCosmo
Grgak
Marvin
Doopie E-mails
Doopie Q&A
NightStar2891 tweets
Marvin DMs
CWCSonichu-NightStar2891 DMs
Fake Doopie Profile
Darling
HarassCWCdirectly
BlockTheTrolls
Chris R-r-r-rolls his R's
Quinn Saga (7 September - 5 October 2017)
Jessica Quinn, for years a white knight of Chris, suddenly decided to troll him with the tried-and-true method of pretending to fall in love with him. Highlights of the brief saga include pictures and videos of Chris crying over a short breakup, an old-fashioned rage video following their final breakup (which he initially blamed on hackers from Kiwi Farms), and Quinn manipulating Chris into adding fat fetishism to Sonichu. This saga would serve as the transition for the new wave of trolling yet to come for Chris.
Quinn Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Jessica Quinn
I am with Sweetheart; Please Respect Us
“Sweetie! Love! Text me back!”
Q&A NO MORE
Transcendental Awakening (August 2017 to 30 July 2021)
After a period of reemergence from Chris, several trolls soon began to notice Chris's deteriorating mental state, and found it the perfect opportunity to troll him again, this time through the tactic of enabling his beliefs and brainwashing new ridiculous concepts into him. This all began with Joshua Wise, an anime-obsessed troll who greatly manipulated him for his own personal gain by changing major parts of the canon of his Sonichu comics, coercing him into producing strange videos, and proposing the infamous marriage between Chris and a bunch of fictional characters, half of which Chris had already created.
Chris's new motto to befriend everyone he meets, even complete strangers, has also made it much easier to manipulate him. Because of this, many other trolls began to follow suit, using some of the same tactics that Wise had used to manipulate Chris with, with very little questioning on his end. Since then, Chris has started to believe himself to be the goddess of an alternate dimension, dubbing himself and all other residents of said dimension as "OCs".
Idea Guys Saga (25 October 2017 - 29 April 2018)
In early November 2017, Chris began blurting out nonsensical stories about his comics, such as the characters of Hyperdimension Neptunia invading CWCville, CWCville reacting to the invasion by setting up concentration camps, and Vladimir Putin being president of the United States in another dimension. He also began making strange videos involving Internet memes and cultural and historical references he clearly did not understand.
It came to light that an anonymous troll, acting as Chris's "idea guy", noted Chris's difficulty distinguishing reality and fiction and lack of understanding of history and politics, and began convincing Chris to make bizarre or politically incorrect content. There are signs that the Idea Guy's influence was coercive or deceptive in nature, such as Chris being shocked at his suggestion that Rosechu was transgender, and appearing visibly uncomfortable as he performed an "anchuent Cherokean chant".
After a calm period in early January, the saga escalated again as Chris made two bizarre videos of ranting about Nazis and smashing his possessions. Possibly as a response, moderators at Kiwi Farms doxed the Idea Guy troll, revealing his name as Joshua Wise.
Despite that setback, Wise decided to continue being the Idea Guy. His changes to Sonichu remained canon, with Chris continuing to produce drawings using ideas which Wise had established prior to the dox, and Chris continued to proudly wear the Gopnik outfit which Wise first convinced him to don.
Chris subsequently announced that he was bisexual, and was attracted to his own fursona and said he had gotten married to Cryzel and Magi-Chan. More questionable acts such as Chris licking pictures of Magi-chan's penis drawn on a wall and prostituting himself on Twitter were scripted and executed.
In May 2018, The Captain discovered what the Idea Guys were doing and rescued Chris from the Idea Guys. He, along with Marvin and Null, then gathered evidence to submit to law enforcement. As for Chris, he disavowed some ideas given to him by the Idea Guys (though keeping the majority of them, like his make-believe marriage).
Idea Guy Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Idea Guys (Joshua Wise • Stephen Boyd • Unnamed Others)
Fictional Characters: John Yamada • Gwen Mikoto • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein • Magi-chan • Cryzel • Kun T’Nyuget • Mewtwo • Pitohui • Bundychu • Akan
The Concepts:
The Chats:
The Videos:
Hyperdimension Neptunia
Payday 2
Nazis
CWCstapo
Anytime Fitness
Dimensional Merge
Operation BARBarossa
Polyamorous marriage
The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Sonichu 13
Miscellaneous Ideas
2018 Sales Listings
Tings Tingz DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (Ballzymaker94)
Misc Idea Guy chats
Idea Guy Q&A
Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat
The Bad Beginning
Cryzel Torture
The Chris-Chan Extortionists
Count Dankula Interview
Red Forest
Remove Kebab!
Cherokean Chant
Smashing
Get Out, You D*** Nazis
Third House Tour
Chris apologizes to Gwen
Chris slaps himself
Dick Licker; that is I
One-Hundred
Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture
All Star
Chris lost Crystal
I’m Sorry for Ruining so many Fandoms
Coinciding Sagas: Guard Dog
Prequel Comic Saga (2 January 2018 - 14 May 2018)
On 2 January 2018, the graphic designer and comic creator Bryan Shickley would get the attention of Chris after he had created "Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic". Bryan then soon claimed that he would make merchandise off of the francise, to which Chris approved. During a time when Chris was in financial ruin, which was later worsened after the Idea Guys extorted money from him, the comic, along with the merchandise created by Bryan, would become some of the first things that Chris would promote to help him out of his dire financial situation.
Bryan's comic would also get Chris to reflect on some of his biggest blunders, including SheCameForCWC.jpg, him attemping to run over Michael Snyder, and others.
A highlight of the brief saga includes Chris approaching what appeared to be his first male sweetheart, Bryan himself, as a result of the Idea Guys previously brainwashing him into believing he was bisexual, even writing an erotic gay poem for him. Attempts were made by Bryan's girlfriend to keep Chris away from Bryan. Along with this, gal-pal Tings Tingz would also show feelings for Bryan.
Due to his associations with Chris during the midst of the Idea Guys, Bryan would be accused by onlookers as a possible troll and/or ween, as well as getting attacked by actual weens himself.
Prequel Comic Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Bryanfrogboy
Tings Tingz
Sonichu Prequel Comic
Gay Erotica Poem
Retrospective Tweets
Guard Dogs (Summer 2018)
After the events of the Idea Guys saga, it became clear that Chris was dealing with a ween epidemic. To combat this, the Guard Dogs decided to step in and filter Chris's emails and Twitter to prevent trolls from getting through. Null made a thread on Kiwi Farms showing off the intercepted ween messages and even doxing the senders.
Null and The Captain would also attempt to give Chris advice. In particular, Null encouraged him to talk to his therapist about the Idea Guys, in order to fast-track law enforcement involvement, but Chris was reluctant to do so. Instead, Chris opted to retreat into the ruins of his fantasy world.
The Guard Dogs have since disbanded.
Guard Dog Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Anna McLerran
The Captain
Marvin
Null
Kim Wilson
Jack Z
Bryanfrogboy
The Captain DMs
Marvin DMs
Null DMs
Kiwi Farms posts (The Captain)
Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)
Kiwi Farms posts (Null)
OPERATION: Kingsnake
Coinciding Sagas: Idea Guy, TTS
Teen Troon Squad Saga (24 April 2018 - 1 January 2019)
Main article: Teen Troon Squad
The Teen Troon Squad is a group of 18- to 19-year-old trans people (two FTM and one MTF) who live locally to Chris. They gained influence over Chris upon purchasing his porn artwork on eBay for $1,000 in April 2018.
After Chris was rescued from the Idea Guys in May 2018, he continued to hold onto the beliefs they had programmed into him. Although he was encouraged to seek therapy, Chris balked at the idea and instead sought out more people to feed his delusional thinking - and got his wish in the form of the Teen Troon Squad; around October of that same year, for the second time in 2018, Chris was trolled by people claiming to be his own fictional characters when the Squad invited Chris over to their house, where they pushed his delusional thinking.
In October 2018 Chris began outlining a supposed 'Dimensional Merge' that would take place at the end of 2018, in which the real world, aka Dimension 1218, and its sister dimension, C197, were to collide and combine in an event of supposedly-apocalyptic proportions. Lukas, a Squad member, has alleged that this was a holdover from the Idea Guys, but implied that the Squad encouraged these beliefs in Chris.
In November 2018, several previously unreleased Idea Guy videos, such as All Star, Tour of Chris's House III, Chris slaps himself, and Chris lost Crystal began to be leaked on Chris's Twitter.
In late December 2018, the Squad was doxed by an unknown party who logged into Chris's Twitter. One of the Squad members then leaked more documents on /cow/. On 30 December 2018, Chris wrote a Twitter post bashing Lukas, also mentioning that Lukas had wanted him to buy booze. As a result of the spotlight being well and truly shone upon their schemes, the Teen Troon Squad has since retreated into the shadows.
Teen Troon Squad Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Lukas Simpkins
Twitter Account Hacking
Purchasing of Porn Drawings
Teen Troon Squad chats
Magi-Chan Tweets
Chris with Teen Troon Squad
Coinciding Sagas: Idea Guy, Guard Dog
G5 Pony Saga (13 August 2018 - Present)
As the 2010s came to a close, My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic was clearly entering its last days. Since its target audience is school aged children it's a common practice by the more competent animation studios to end those shows before it gets to the point that the kids watching it are younger than the show itself. Afterwards, if said show was part of a franchise, they create a new installment for said franchise. Such a cycle has been happening in My Little Pony since its inception in 1984 and has happened once again. Friendship is Magic ended in 2019 with a more light-hearted filler series airing from 2020 as a way to tide over the fanbase until the premiere of the new generation, which happened in September 2021 with the release of a movie. The filler series, called MLP: Pony Life struck a major nerve with Chris who holds the belief that Friendship is Magic is meant to have 14 seasons due to delusions rooted in the Dimensional Merge. This instance, preceded in August 2018 by a panning of the leaked early designs for the G5 ponies were some of the occasional posts of disapproval throughout the close of the decade. For a while it was on Chris's back burner but on 27 July 2021 Chris uploaded a tard rage video demanding that the new My Little Pony generation be cancelled, confirming that Chris holds Sonic Boom-esque feelings towards this. The lulz were subsequently cancelled when Chris admitted to incest.
However, despite his incarceration, this hasn't stopped him from expressing nothing but hatred towards this reboot. Chris had expressed in numberous jail letters about how he believes the reboot has caused major world catastrophes such as the Russo-Ukrainian war, fully returning to this sentiment in 2024.
G5 Pony Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris (Tinyhorse1942)
Akan
Vladamir Putin
My Little Pony Protests
My Little Pony: Make Your Mark
Socking
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight, Revelations
Jacob Saga (14 July - 28 November 2019; 15 July - 26 August 2020)
Though he had been autistically obsessed with Chris since around 2018, amateur sorcerer Jacob Sockness only made Chris's acquaintance in June 2019, after an unremarkable troll convinced Chris that Sockness would be interested in buying his filthy bathwater. On 14 July 2019, the two agreed to a closer partnership: Sockness would act as a middleman for Chris's merchandise, in order to evade Chris's eBay ban. The two would soon abandon this scheme, however, instead deciding to direct their attention to another of their shared interests; pretending to be gods. Their mystical and occultist schemes would cross-pollinate, Jacob's extraterrestrial demons wending their way into the Dimensional Merge's logistics. The most notable example being the Magi-Chan possession, in which from August 2019 to September 2019, Chris believed that he swapped minds with Magi-Chan in order to visit Jacob Sockness so he wouldn't need to actually do so in real life. The period of Magi-Chan roleplaying lasted an entire month. Jacob's antics with Chris was not ignored, as soon, onlookers would find out about Jacob and dox him, but Sockness would not be deterred by a mere dox; for he had apparently already doxed himself long before meeting Chris, and would boast freely and frequently about how he was misleading Chris for his own ends. Despite the obvious dangers, Chris continued to believe Jacob's teachings at face value, and encouraged his desire to meet in person. In late September 2019, the situation nearly reached a boiling point when Sockness announced that he had secured a train ticket and was traveling from his home in California to Charlottesville, and threatened that he would brutally abuse Chris after arriving at 14 Branchland Court. Being understandably alarmed by this, Chris demanded that Sockness return, and with the help of the Watchmen, arranged for a supporter to intercept Sockness in Chicago and provide for him to return to San Francisco. Jacob relented, and the two grew more distant. Sockness would temporarily return to Chris's good side in late October 2019 and early November 2019, yet by the end of that month he would once again be cast aside by Chris.
However, in early 2020, Chris once again started to talk to Jacob, believing in Jacob's supposed occult practices. Though it appeared that they were coming close to one another again, Chris's and Sockness's relationship would permanently come to an end in August 2020, after Sockness creepily theorized on Twitter that Mia Hamm supposedly bared Chris's illegitimate child after they had sex. Although Jacob would make several other attempts to win Chris's favor over the course of the next few months, all attempts would ultimately be unsuccessful.
Jacob Saga
The Players:
The Games:
Chris
Jacob Sockness
Kidasuna
MKRNightVee
AquaDiamond8
Naught
Kyle
Marvin
CultOfCWC
Virginia Trip
Romance with Chris
Psychic California Trip
Statement about Sockness
Sockness DMs
Magi-Chan Impersonation
Coinciding Sagas: Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic
Rise-N-Fall (Mid 2018 - 31 July 2021)
Chris was heavily active on social media, began creating custom Secret Shipfic cards, and took his role-playing to new heights, including pretending to be possessed by Sonichu for nearly a year.
In late 2019, a group consisting of enablers and white knights was established through Discord. They gained Chris's trust by appealing to and indulging in his delusions, specifically ones related to the Dimensional Merge and CPU Goddesses. They eventually named themselves the Watchmen.
In late 2020, a group called Praetor formed to do business with Chris.
In mid-2021, Chris began making plans to attend Everfree Northwest with Null's fundraising help.
However, in 2021, Chris's dormant interest in sex started to stir, with disastrous results when, in June 2021, he began engaging in sexual activity with his own mother.
Copitz Saga (19 May 2018 - December 2019)
On 19 May 2018, the Youtube speedrunner and Twitch user Copitz had began visiting 14 Branchland Court to record videos of himself with Chris and his friends in several different areas. Some of these videos included ones where Chris was in an abandoned hospital hunting for ghosts, while others had involved several interviews with him.
Copitz would get contacted by TheGamerFromMars, who wanted to get in contact with Chris for his documentary series, The Chris Chan Conspiracy. Throughout the documentary, there are 8 scenes of Copitz and GFM talking with Chris, in between the meat of the episode, which is a summary of Chris's life. Despite meeting with Chris in December 2019, the documentary would only be released on March 2022.
Copitz Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Copitz
TheGamerFromMars
Xleepy
Nick Robinson
Copitz DMs
A Chat with Christine Weston Chandler/Chris Chan
Ghost Hunting with Chris Chan
Goodwill Offering and Kindest Wishes
Welcome to Xleepy - Feat. Chris Chan (Teaser)
Pappy Van Poodle Interview
The Chris Chan Conspiracy
TF2 Analysis Saga (Late 2018 - 30 October 2020)
In January 2019, a slew of people began to block Chris on Twitter, either due to his own harassment or egging on by weens. This caused Chris, naturally, to rage about it, and eventually to protect his Twitter account. For months, he had shown no signs of budging. All of his tweets during this period consisted of complaining about being blocked, or else his dimensional delusions mentioned above. After protecting his Twitter account, he would greatly reduce his social media activity, and in June 2019 even extended to disabling comments again on his recent videos. This period of time also marked Chris's bizarre adoption of the word "Bugbear" (a phrase referring to minor annoyances) and employing it almost everywhere in his wild and unclear rants. After several months, Chris's initial bitterness from the blocks seems to have faded, and he opened his Twitter account for the public again.
TF2 Analysis Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
TF2 Analysts
DRWolf
ILoveKPALot
MKRNightVee
Ben Saint
Multidimensional White Knights
Red vs Blue Reaction Livestreams
Sonichu Special 6
January 2019 social media posts
A message to everyone, and the Haters and Bullies
AHH!
Apologies to the liked Bronies and Pegasisters; PLEASE UNBLOCK ME ON TWITTER!
Address to and for the Brony Analysts and Artists
A little bit of Gary Stu
A Moment With Dr Wolf Chris Chan and Greater Struggles
Coinciding Sagas: Arbitarch, ProjectSNT
Arbitarch Saga (27 December 2018 - Late January 2020)
Sometime on December 2018, the fan MKRNightVee got into contact with Chris via a phone number a friend gave her. During her interactions with Chris, she played into the recent fantasies Chris had about Hyperdimension Neptunia, roleplaying as the CPU Goddess of the Nintendo Switch CPU Magenta Heart under the guidance of Ryan Winger, aka Owls.
The Arbitarch CWC Alliance was a pre-cursor to what would eventually become the Watchmen, as many of its would-be members such as AquaDiamond8 and Kyle were also associates of MKR, and the group served a similar, albeit less pragmatic purpose. The group started as a clique of enablers that role-played as CPU Goddesses to try and convince Chris that the Dimensional Merge wasn't going to happen.
Arbitarch Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Sons of the Miscreants • Arbitarch CWC Alliance • CWCVille Rebellion
People: Chris • MKRNightVee (Creamarina) •
Owls • AquaDiamond8 (Wendy) • Jacob Sockness • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • Kyle • Naught • The WCT • Smoky Chris • ThatSperge • Talia Nakara • Joseph Draft • Megan Schroeder • Tings Tingz • Sarah and Steve • Midnight Moonflower • MRKs Bloody Chunks
Fictional Characters: CPU Goddesses • NightVee • Creamarina • Tri • Val Valentino
Chats: The Sons of the Miscreants chats • Arbitarch CWC Alliance (Nov '19 • Dec '19 • Jan '20 )
The Games:
The Prizes:
Creamarina Socking
Conflicts with Tings Tingz
CPU Goddesses
Wendy Scandal
Val Roleplaying
Chris's invite to Arbitarch Server
BABSCon
Chris Chan VS. The Internet
Beneath the Bridge
NightVee Comic
NightVee Medallion
Owls Kiwi Farms posts
MKRs Bloody Chunks Leaks
Megan Obsession
Arbitarch Interview
Coinciding Sagas: Jacob, Secret Shipfic, TF2 Analysis, Watchmen
Secret Shipfic Saga (16 August 2019 - 31 July 2021)
On 16 August, 2019, Chris began to create trading cards for his Sonichu comics, much like his Wall of Originals using a template from the My Little Pony parody game Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder. His most ambitious project in several years, Chris fully embraced the concept, and has seemingly supplanted the Sonichu comics in favour of the cards as his principal monetary venture. The card game also became Chris's primary means to expand upon the lore of the fantasy world that he has created, and that several trolls from before had provided influence onto. Chris had posted several cards featuring the OCs created by fans and enablers.
Chris was able to develop a new fanbase through a series of commissions, and implementing people's OCs into his canon.
Secret Shipfic Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Ben Saint • ProjectSNT • MKRNightVee • AquaDiamond8 • Jacob Sockness • Sarah and Steve • Helena Fiorenza • The Sergeant at Arms • Multidimensional White Knights • Kai • Midnight Moonflower • Naught • Geno Samuel
The TSSSF Packs
ArizonaSlime • Blessed Wares and Extra Credit • Chris Chan Sonichu Expansion Pack • Hangin' With Magi-Chan • IdeaGuy Corruptions • Nightstar & Friends • Nightvee & the Warriors For Andromeda • ProjectSNT and Friends • A Righteous Rising • Samurai Pizza Bots • Sonichu/Rosechu OC Expansion Pack • Sonichu & Rosechu • Sonichu Deck • Sonichu Promo • Sonichu Villains • Super/Mega Forms • YES to MLPFiMSeasons10to14
The Prizes
Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder • Livestreams • OCs • CWCville Shopping
Coinciding Sagas
Jacob, Arbitarch, Watchmen, Saint, ProjectSNT
Watchmen Saga (September 2019 - 27 June 2021)
The Watchmen, made up of many of the former members of the Arbitarch CWC Alliance, were a clique of friends, all with the same interest in white-knighting Chris, and keeping him away from the new slew of weens and enablers that came about from Chris's newfound fame. The most well-known iteration of this group, as well as the one most often referred to as "the Watchmen", came about with the creation of The Place Discord server, which was run by the enabler Naught.
Chris became close friends with the people in the server, and the Watchmen would gatekeep Chris through means of collecting information, doxing, and harassing anybody attempting to interact or get involved with Chris. The existence of the Watchmen was not publicly known until August 2020, in which they leaked content that they had received from Chris.
The Watchmen would be responsible for and or related to many notable events that took place throughout 2020 and early 2021. Such as removing Jacob Sockness's influence over Chris, the previously mentioned 2020 Discord leaks, being heavily involved in the Discord Q&A's, and starting multiple conflicts with members of Praetor.
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
Ben Saint Saga (29 September 2019 - November 2019)
Ben Saint a webcomic artist and creator of the webseires Endless War, had tried to profit off of Chris's infamy by implementing characters from the comic into Sonichu, thereby creating the "Slime Saga". Chris had eventually implemented Ben's characters and ideas into Sonichu in Sonichu Special 7. However, Ben's attempts at creating a new saga from the ground-up, and promoting his comic, by tinkering with Chris's own comics only proved to be of a very limited success when Chris began ignoring Saint's attempts at provocation by mid-October, and when conflicts of interest had risen between the two creators. Following from this, several white knights and past enablers such as Jacob Sockness and MKRNightVee came into the scene in order to regain power over Chris or to justify Chris's actions. When Chris began shifting his focus on his Sonichu comics to the aforementioned card game, Chris had implemented Saint's characters, as well as ideas brought to him by drama surrounding him, and a new wave of white knights defending Chris's actions, enablers suggesting new OCs into Chris's now expanding universe, and wannabe trolls trying to take a piece of Chris's infamy for themselves would show up into the mix.
Saint Saga
The Players
Organizations: Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Children of Kefentse • The Place
People: Chris • Ben Saint • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • Jacob Sockness • Multidimensional White Knights
Fictional Characters: Strawberry Milk • Phantom Horn
The Games:
The Prizes:
Confronting Ben Saint
Codename:Kids Next Door Comic Panel
Disputes
Sonichu Special 7
ArizonaSlime
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
Coinciding Sagas: Secret Shipfic, Watchmen
ProjectSNT Saga (6 December 2019 - January 2021)
The YouTuber ProjectSNT became famous due to her videos involving her revisiting her Sonic OC, S.N.T. Among SNT's artworks was a redesign for the character Wild Sonichu, which she named "Wild Sonirisu", which was a combination of Wild and the Pokémon Pachirisu. Though Chris originally took SNT's redesign kindly, viewing this as evidence of SNT's tenacity, he became enraged with SNT criticizing his Sonichu and Rosechu designs. This seemingly caused Chris to change his tone with Wild Sonirisu, expressing great disapproval with SNT's art. This would lead to Chris becoming utterly obsessed with SNT, with him trying again and again to make SNT respond to his comments but to no avail.
Things had only gotten worse when Chris had taken note of the fanfiction writer Opuscon789, who created the fanfic SNT Vs Sonichu. Chris livestreamed his reading of the fanfic, where Chris tard raged over it many times and weens sent pizzas over to his house. Chris similarly expressed his hatred towards Opuscon many times with the Watchmen.
ProjectSNT Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
ProjectSNT
Opuscon789
Naught
Kyle
MKRNightVee
AquaDiamond8
Anaxis
Dillin Thomas
Eschcal
Freakout over Wild Sonichu Redesign
Growing Interest in D&D
SNT Vs Sonichu
Ranting about SNT and Opuscon
Coping to Dillin
Dimension CS-89
Live Reading of SNT Vs Sonichu, Part 2
SNT Vs Sonichu 2.5-Plus
Coinciding Sagas: Secret Shipfic, TF2 Analysis, Watchmen, Chandler's List
Chandler's List Saga (2 June 2020 - 8 July 2020)
On 2 June 2020, Chris, still role-playing as Sonichu, announced on Twitter that he had been sick and tired of all the years of trolling and exploitation he had experienced. Chris decided that to combat all of this, he'd create a list of all of the people that had personally bothered him over the past decade, threatening that they'd be subject to judgment amongst the gods and goddesses. Chris later began posting his list a week later and continued posting it in pieces for the following month. This stunt was ultimately met with confusion, and arguably brought more attention onto himself than he otherwise might have, especially given how he put prominent content creators like OneyNG and psychicpebble, two figures who have commented on Chris several times, on this list.
Chandler's List Saga
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
OneyNG
Dillin Thomas
Ben Saint
ProjectSNT
Null
Various other Twitter Users
"Exposing" the trolls
The List
OneyNG Drama
Coinciding Sagas: ProjectSNT
Lainchu Saga (4 August 2020 - 18 March 2021)
Lainchu the Chronicler, based on the protagonist of the anime Serial Experiments Lain, was created by Chris and introduced to Naught on 4 August 2020. The character was then repurposed by the Watchmen as a means of communicating with Chris and documenting select posts of his on The Place server and other platforms. Much of the information collected by the character was then documented onto the CWCki. Naught was the first to roleplay the character until handing the role over to Klop on 7 August 2020.
A month prior to this, the Watchman Klop created the Official CWCki Discord server, and set it up in such a way that if Chris were to get in, he'd only be relegated to one channel, and only those with a certain role could access said channel and communicate with him. However, when Chris joined the server on 10 August 2020 by Naught's invitation, his mere presence only led to an influx of new users, many of which contacted Chris for various purposes. Due to all the chaos that ensued, Klop created a new server called "cwc frens", and banned Chris from the CWCki server. In the new server, there was a "mailbag" channel similar to the Mailbag from the Cwcipedia.
Lainchu Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server • Cwc frens • CWC Questions • Praetor
People: Chris • Lainchu (Naught • Klop • Anaxis) • Imposter Lainchu (The WCT) • Kyle • MKRNightVee • Val • Larry Vaughn • Caden Peck • Bella • Molly the Medium
The Documentation
Lainchu Chroniclings: The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Discord Q&A: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12
Other: Anaxis DMs • Question Depository
The Games
Q&As
Imposter Lainchu:
Other:
CWCki Server Discussion
Chris's Invite into the CWCki Server
Ultra Director Textwall
Anaxis Ban
Guilt Tripping
Masturbation Discussion
"Anaxis bird"
Affirmations List
Lovers Attributes List
"Fuckery Afoot"
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Crystalgate
Crystalgate Saga (22 September 2020 - 30 June 2021)
After Chris introduced Praetor to the Watchmen, the Watchmen became increasingly paranoid over Praetor and began to harass its members. The harassment was most infamously seen in an incident, dubbed Crystalgate, in which Chris wanted to borrow a taser from Praetor for his experiment to taze his quartz crystals to unlock the Dimensional Merge. Concerned over Chris's safety, Watchmen members confronted Praetor leader Caden Peck. Some Watchmen, MKRNightVee and Naught, saw this as the perfect opportunity to defame Praetor and lied to the public about the taser, in a failed attempt to force Praetor away. Afterwards, Chris confronted the Watchmen for their handling of the situation. Several of the Watchmen, but especially three members, which Chris dubbed the "toxic trio", viewed this as more initiative to defeat Praetor, and a slew of infighting and drama subsequently occurred between the Watchmen.
Crystalgate Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Praetor
People: Chris • The Toxic Trio (Naught • MKRNightVee • Kyle) • Praetor Members (Caden Peck • Annabel Ikenberry • Owen Sundstrom • Cabell O'Malley) • Bella • KND • Bible Enabler • The WCT • Anaxis • GiBi • Larry Vaughn • Val • Spunky • Peachy • Klop • Molly the Medium • Justin • Luke • Emgo316
The Games
The Watchmen meet Praetor:
The Disc Dream:
Bella's Introduction:
Crystalgate:
Confrontation:
Aftermath:
The "New Associates"
Justin DMs
Praetor Revealed
Lore Bible
Bible Enabler DMs
Bible Poll
Pennsylvania Trip
Lore Mashup
Praetor Arrives
Goochland Library Sermon
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
"The Avatar State"
"Info Dump"
Taser
Gate Crystal
Piezoelectric Crystal DMs
Taser Discussion
Watchmen-Praetor Confrontations
Plans to dismantle Praetor
Lonely Feelings
MKR Rage Quit
Golden Church of Sonichu
Full Taser Discussion
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Lainchu, Twilight
KwaiiSandbag Saga (10 February 2021 - 29 March 2021)
After watching Geno Samuel's documentary about Chris, a Discord user under the alias "KwaiiSandbag" decided that he wanted to help Chris by helping him let go of some of his maladaptive coping methods, particularly him roleplaying as Sonichu. To do this, he presented himself to Chris in Instagram DMs as a "psychic", having these abilities since he was 10 years old, and he was involved in a series of five calls involving him, Chris, and a friend of his "Lily". Kwaii was able to succeed in this endeavor, but he also expressed remorse for his actions after getting flak for this. He was then interviewed by the by-then former Watchman Anaxis, who at the time was the current owner of the CWCki server, to explain his intentions.
This saga is notable for giving insight on what was going through Chris's mind while he was roleplaying as the character. During his roleplay as Sonichu, Chris believed that he was able to have sex with his imaginary spouses, fulfilling Chris's longing for a "relationship". The saga is also noted for the fact that it had seemingly proven that even with influential white knight groups such as the Watchmen, people could still find ways to interact with Chris and enable him.
KwaiiSandbag Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
KwaiiSandbag
Lily
Anaxis
Claims of being Psychic
Preparing for the Calls
Calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5)
Interview with Kwaii
Interview with Lily
Warhol Saga (24 May 2021 - 19 September 2021)
In May 2021 Chris discovered an Amazon listing for a book made by Don Lashomb that favorably compared him to mid-century pop artist Andy Warhol. Naturally this inflated his ego and caused him to devote several tweets to said comparison. Don Lashomb would actually end up writing the book, and selling it on Amazon. Later Chris went on to begin reviewing the book and made Tweets featuring his takes on the weens compliments, despite his disapproval at Lashomb saying his delusions weren't real. Chris would make several periodic tweets throughout summer 2021, reviewing the book as he went along.
Chris and Don talked in private multiple times, and Lashomb would state that he was very pleasant to talk to, due to him supposedly being polite, able to take criticism, and paying attention to detail[3]. Don was one of the people Chris would drop hints to about his incestous relationship with Barb, though he didn't pick up on them. Despite Lashomb cutting ties with Chris, Chris would continue to promote the book in jail.
Warhol Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Don Lashomb
Orange Juice
The WCT
Helena Fiorenza
The Fool
Roleplaying as Younger Self
Warhol Tweets
I'll Be Your Mirror
Book Stress
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen
Twilight Saga (21 June 2021 - 31 July 2021)
Perhaps the most fast-paced saga in Christory, with many notable events happening within the span of less than 2 months, with a little bit of everything, all ending with a bang (both figuratively and literally).
This saga also marks the crumbling of the Watchmen and their influence. After cutting ties with the other Watchmen, the WCT created a splinter of the Watchmen, which he named the "Knights of CWC" sometime in late June of that year. After convincing Chris to do the same, he also joined the Knights. The Knights server was set up in a very similar fashion to The Place, with one layer being for Chris and "untrusted guests", and another being for the Knights.
On 12 July 2021, The WCT alerted Chris of Jacob Sockness' plan to come to Everfree in disguise, which prompted Chris to try and find people he could recruit to attend with him, protecting him from Sockness, and taking photos of him while at the event. He invited several of his acquaintances to come there, including MKRNightVee, who declined to come due to time restraints. The two people he ultimately picked to attend were Bella, whom he's known for several months up to that point, and Fiona, a young woman who had a genuine crush on him
whom he met sometime in July. Chris invited both Bella and Fiona into the server a week later, and The WCT marked both of them as "untrusted guests". Both of them interacted with the Knights, and Bella and Fiona would also befriend each other, with the former inviting the latter into their own Discord server.
During the interactions Chris had with both Bella and Fiona, Chris also agreed to have sex with Fiona by her request when they make it to the convention, believing that doing so will help her "sexually mature", and the three of them tried to make arrangements for this to happen, with them even discussing what type of music they should play.
Around this time, Chris had also suddenly told Bella about having an affair with an "older woman", which Bella pushed Chris to discuss more about, leading to a very infamous call between the two of them. Bella, intending to leak the call anonymously, gave a clip of it to Fiona upon her request, who then gave it to a group of people in another Discord server she was in, leading to the clip getting leaked prematurely. After the clip leaked, followed by Chris confirming its legitimacy to Null and Dillin Thomas, who leaked their conversations, there was a major fallout amongst the CWCsphere. Everfree Northwest then blacklisted Chris.
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
Incest Saga (26 June 2021 - 30 July 2021)
During the beginning of 2021, Chris suddenly exhibited intense signs of sexual frustration, to the point of openly discussing this with several Watchmen members, as well as crushing on several females of interest all at once, and having wet dreams involving cartoon characters.[4][5] Towards the end of June, Chris grew impatient and decided to release this sexual frustration by having sexual relations with Barbara Chandler, his own mother. Chris and Barbara did this over the span of one month every three days.
During that timespan, Chris hinted at this affair to multiple trusted people orbiting him, such as Null on 5 July 2021 and Bella on 13 July. Chris sustained a misleading cover story to them, referring to Barbara using vague phrases such as a "Sweetheart over 50" and "lady friend". He also lied outright when asked if Barbara had met the sweetheart.
On the 27th, Chris chose to brag about the true identity of the sweetheart to Bella during a 4-hour video call and also wrote texts on the matter. Bella secretly recorded parts of the call and shared the files among her friends, and those were ultimately leaked days later in the early morning hours around midnight of 30 July.
On 30 July 2021, Greene County police were contacted and Chris was removed from Barbara's property 14 Branchland Court in which he had also lived, and Barbara was taken to a hospital for a checkup. An Emergency Protective Order was also taken out against Chris, forbidding him from contacting Barbara or setting foot on her property for a week.
Incest Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Knights of CWC • Halal Server • Burn Book • Chess Club • Chris Chan Conservation Collective
People: Chris • Barbara Chandler • Bella • Fiona • Null • Spooky Bones • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Ethan Ralph • Lavenderbonez • EllDudeRocks • Naught • MKRNightVee • Dillin Thomas
The Games
Chats:
The Affair:
Incest Call
Incest Texts
Lady Friend Discussion
Null DMs
WCT DMs
Pre-Jail Interview with WCT
Regarding Chris chats
Halal Server chats
Affair with Mother
Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
Emergency Protective Order
The Arrest
Coinciding Sagas: Twilight
Silent Years (1 August 2021 - 16 October 2023)
After enjoying nearly 14 years of being an infamous internet celebrity with a cult following, Chris's notability rose as his reputation plummeted. His name trended on Twitter as local news picked up on his largest controversy yet, accompanied by many major shifts in Chris's life.
Jail Saga (1 August 2021 - 27 March 2023)
On 1 August, Chris was arrested outside the Regency Inn he was staying at, and the next day was officially charged for incest. By the end of the month, it was discovered that Barb had returned home, and that the Chandlers' car had been returned to her, with new numberplates replacing the SONICHU ones. During that period, Chris was being held in Central Virginia Regional Jail without bond.
This saga is notable for the jail letters, a series of letters Chris has written to fans and wannabe trolls alike, answering their questions and providing a stream of information about his current delusions and stay in jail. A vast majority of these letters would be Chris's ramblings of being a messianic figure, as well as being a reincarnation of Jesus Christ. Chris's desperation to get out of jail would show all throughout the saga.
After three continuances, On 28 February 2022, Chris was transferred and committed into the Western State Hospital mental institution in Staunton, Virginia (formerly known as the Western State Lunatic Asylum) for a competency evaluation before his next hearing.[6] During his stay, Chris was allegedly pinned down by the orderlies on his last day in the facility.
Chris was eventually transferred back to the Central Virginia Regional Jail on 3 May 2022. The period between these two transfers would prove to be one of the more silent moments in Christory, due to such facilities having strict measures regarding the interactions between its patients and the outside world.
Chris's last hearing had occurred on 22 July 2022, where Chris's case was elevated to the circuit court, and sent to a grand jury for a potential felony charge. On 5 August 2022, David Heilberg had issued a motion for an autism disorder deference for Chris's case, where he is placed under probation terms and supervised. A transportation order for Chris has also been made on 10 August 2022. A review of Chris's case following the deference has been scheduled for 8 August 2023.
On 27 March 2023, Chris was released from custody.[7][8]
Jail Saga
The Players
People: Chris • David Heilberg • Praetor (Caden Peck) • Kenneth Engelhardt • Barbara Chandler • Spooky Bones •
Rocky Shoemaker • Helena Fiorenza • Edmund McMillen • Eels and the Egg-man • Flutter • Spamton G. Spamton • Zombo • Cory Allison • The Crusader • Bizarre Bazaar • Celestia • Michael Afghani • Jacob Sockness
Places
Jail Updates
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Western State Hospital
Jail Communications
Jail Art
Jail Art (reverse side)
Neo Spiritual Christianity
Jail Letter Gifts
March 2023 Praetor Interview
Autism disorder deferred disposition
Third Exile (27 March 2023 - 16 October 2023)
On 27 March 2023 Chris was transferred from jail to Gateway Homes and soon after he began to be recognized and photographed in public as if he were a cryptid. The start of May would mark the first of many sightings. Possibly in a vain hope of disguising himself from watchful eyes, Chris started wearing hats and bulky glasses, going so far as to hide the Sonichu Medallion under his shirt. In the latter half of September, Chris's car was spotted at 14 Branchland Court, and he was seen allegedly hugging and kissing a mysterious blonde woman.
On 9 August Chris's charge of incest was dismissed, making Chris truly, but not honestly, a free man. One Day later he became active on Pokémon GO in Big Island, VA. Two days later, Chris spoke his first recorded words since his release as a status update on his PlayStation Network account, being "I'm Christ Chan Prime". On the 16th, Chris became active on Twitter by liking posts. On the 23rd, Chris made his first post-jail social media posts in a massive dump of previously unseen art (much of it made in Central Virginia Regional Jail), along with new content from the unfinished Sonichu 15 comic, now renamed to Sonichu 0 HD.
Third Exile
Places: Gateway Homes • Big Island House • Mal-Wart • Battlegrounds Game Shop • Chesterfield Towne Center • Earthbound Trading Co. • Modern Table Top Gaming • Williamsburg Premium Outlets • Dragon Fire Games • 14 Branchland Court
Platforms: Reddit • Twitter • 4chan • Discord
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Praetor
Flutter
Helena Fiorenza
The Otaku King
On The Poké-Hunt
The Second Coming Announces His Presence
The Tugboat's Return
A Very Warm Welcome Back
Gettin' With The Times
DeviantART Dump
Announcement of Return
Second Coming (16 October 2023 - Present)
After months of public sightings and reports of incognito online activity, Chris (now under the name of Mrs. Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime) officially returned to the online world and proclaimed himself the messiah. Chris has received a surprisingly warmer welcome back than expected, probably because everyone is traumatized enough by the previous few years both in and outside of Christory to not care anymore. Behind the scenes, Praetor continues to manage Chris and presumably vet his content.
This era has been defined by well-produced and well-edited content uncharacteristic of Chris, likely reflecting both Chris's new experience in video editing as well as Praetor's control over him. Predictably, as Chris comes the closest he ever has to being a legitimate content creator, his viewership is only plummeting as his content has become unwatchably boring. Chris's sanity, meanwhile, is missing and presumed dead.
Revelations Saga (16 October 2023 - Present)
On 16 October 2023, Chris made his first series of social media posts for over two years on YouTube and Twitter, dubbing himself "Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime" and that he had been resurrected and returned. Praetor's OfficialCWCmart store once again became operational. Despite the best attempts to cover up Chris's current location, internet sleuths discovered it to be a house owned by Caden Peck in November 2023. Praetor's management of Chris has been wholly reflected in his content. Meanwhile, off the internet, Chris was spotted several times with Flutter, causing speculation as to her role in regard to both Chris and Praetor.
This saga has largely been defined by Chris's return to both online and public fandom spaces, and his slow leaking of stories regarding both the Jail and Incest sagas. His tirade against My Little Pony G5 has also continued, with Chris now accusing the show of being Russian propaganda.
Revelations Saga
Platforms: DeviantART • YouTube • Reddit • Twitter • 4chan • Discord
The Players:
The Prizes:
Chris
Caden Peck
Flutter
Ren Ryghts
Xela
Keffals
Waltah White
Resurrected and Returned
Setting the Record straight
Livestreams
Cwclight (CWC Blog)
Animate! Raleigh
The Chris Chan Interview
Ren Ryghts DMs
CWC Art Contest
Baby Rumor
Walt's Calls
Coinciding Sagas: GOPony
See also
Excel Saga
References
↑ Sydney Kirsch
↑ http://archive.sonichu.com/cwcipedia/index.php?title=User_talk:ChrisChanSonichu
↑ Warhol / Chris Chan#Lashomb's Interactions with Chris
↑ The Place chats (February 2021)#Sally Acorn Dream
↑ MKR DMs#Chris Thorndyke sex dream
↑ Jail Letter - 1 June 2022
↑ File:VineLink Out of Custody 27 March 2023.png
↑ File:VineLink Out of Custody 27 March 2023 - 1 49 pm update.png
v • d • e
New to the CWCki? Here's how you can get started.
New? Start here!
FAQ • Christian Weston Chandler • Glossary • Common Misconceptions • List of Videos • CWChronology (Introduction and Terminology • Saga)
Documentaries (Sachumo's Documentary • Chris Chan: A Comprehensive History • Beneath the Bridge • Chris Chan VS. The Internet (canceled) • The Chris Chan Conspiracy) • Lost Media • Guides on Related Topics
Major articles
Sonichu
Sonichu (comic) • Comic Chris • CWCVille • Sonichu (character) • Sonichu (species) • Rosechu • Rosechu (species) • Chaotic Combo (Wild • Bubbles • Punchy • Angelica • Magi-Chan) • Mary Lee Walsh • Count Graduon • Blake • Jerkop
Love Quest
Love Quest • Sweetheart • List of Love Quest candidates • Mia Hamm • Affair with Mother • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Gal pal
Fantasies
Death of Father • Dimensional Merge • Messiah Complex • Magical thinking • Imaginary friends • Imaginary family • Spirit possession • Polyamorous marriage
Internet
Internet Presence (YouTube, Twitter / 𝕏, Bluesky, Facebook) • Trolls • Touching the Poop • Unholy Quintet (White Knights  • A-logs  • Weens  • Enablers  • Carpetbaggers)
Important people
Bob Chandler •  Barbara Chandler •  Joshua Martinez •  Mary Lee Walsh •  Michael Snyder •  Megan Schroeder • Adam Stackhouse •  Jason Kendrick Howell •  Blanca Weiss •  The Pickle Man •  Clyde Cash •
BlueSpike •  Ivy O'Neil •
Jack Thaddeus •  Liquid Chris •
Kacey Devoria •  Kim Wilson •
Alec Benson Leary •  Surfshack Tito •  Thorg •  Jackie Romy •  Kengle •  Null •  Catherine Sorrentino •  DoopieDoOver •  Jessica Quinn •  Idea Guys •  The Captain •  Teen Troon Squad •  Jacob Sockness •  MKRNightVee •  Naught •  The WCT •  Caden Peck •  Isabella Loretta Janke •  Fiona Cooper •  Flutter
Important places
14 Branchland Court • Rental House • Big Island House • Other homes • Chris's room • CWCville • Fashion Square Mall • Manchester High School • The GAMe PLACe • Piedmont Virginia Community College • Central Virginia Regional Jail • Western State Hospital • Finland
Mental Health
Autism • Transgender • Ego • Personality • Gender • Coping • Manipulation • Mental Healthcare • Nostalgia • Reality • Anger • Negligence • Kindness • Stress • Remorse • Death
Editing the CWCki
Quick Guide • Wiki Editing • Help • To-do list
CWChronology
Introductory Articles:Introduction and Terminology · Timeline · Saga
By decade:Pre-1980 · 1980s · 1990s · 2000s · 2010s · 2020s
By year:
1990s
—
1999
2000s
—
2000 · 2001 · 2002 · 2003 · 2004 · 2005 · 2006 · 2007 · 2008 · 2009
2010s
—
2010 · 2011 · 2012 · 2013 · 2014 · 2015 · 2016 · 2017 · 2018 · 2019
2020s
—
2020 · 2021 · 2022 · 2023 · 2024 · 2025
By month:
2008
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2009
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2010
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2011
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2012
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2013
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2014
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2015
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2016
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2017
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2018
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2019
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2020
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2021
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2022
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2023
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2024
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
2025
—
Jan · Feb · Mar · Apr · May · June · July · Aug · Sept · Oct · Nov · Dec
By Era/Saga:
Meta: Love Quest • Transgender • Business • Financhu Crisis • Roleplay • Dimensional Merge • Praetor
Pre-Christory: Early Childhood • Nathaniel Greene • Bearstein • High School
Early Adult Chronicles: PVCC • GAMePLACe • Megan • Stackhouse
Classic Chris: ED • Blanca • Jimmy Hill • Clyde Cash • PandaHalo • Miyamoto • Julie • PS3 Hacking • Emily • Ivy • Vanessa • CWCipedia • Liquid • Asperchu • Tito
Dark Ages: First Exile • Jackie • Calling Out • Second Exile
Renaissance: Catherine • Sonic Boom • Lady Managers • Pmurt • Doopie • Quinn
Transcendental Awakening: Idea Guy • Prequel Comic • Guard Dog • TTS • GOPony • Jacob
Rise-N-Fall: Copitz • TF2 Analysis • Arbitarch • Secret Shipfic • Watchmen • Saint • ProjectSNT • Chandler's List • Lainchu • Crystalgate • KwaiiSandbag • Warhol • Twilight • Incest
Silent Years: Jail • Third Exile
Second Coming: Revelations
The CWC-tionary
Relationships:
Attraction Location |
Boyfriend-free girl |
Darling |
Dating education |
Friend Zone |
Gal-pal |
Heart Level |
Infinitely-High Boyfriend-Factor |
Love Quest |
Noviophobia |
Sweetheart |
Sweetheart from the Ground-Up
Sex:
China |
Duck |
Mass debating |
Negligent |
Pedofork |
Pickle |
Recycling |
Soul Bonding |
Virgin with rage |
Virginia is for Virgins
Sexuality and Gender:
Hermaphrodite |
Homos |
JERKS |
Muscle bra |
SLGBTQ |
Un-clit |
Women's rights
Himself:
Biological clock |
Butt garments |
Captain's Log |
Christian Love Day |
DIRTY, CRAPPED BRIEFS |
Fuzzy-Wuzzies & Prickly-Wicklies |
Honest Content |
I'LL BREAK YOU DEAD |
Monthly tugboat |
Random-access humor |
Saga |
Scale of Respect
Stressors:
4-cent_garbage |
GOPony |
HEXBox |
Jerkops |
Kick the Autistic |
Manajerks |
Naïve |
Niggos |
Pmurt |
Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens |
Slow-in-the-minds |
Tobacky |
Toxic Trio
Fantasies:
Anaxis bird |
Curse-ye-ha-me-ha |
Dimension |
Fangs |
Iron Curtain |
OC
Comics:
Anchuent Prophecy |
Da Update |
Electric Hedgehog Pokemon |
Nombie-zazis |
Parody |
Rosechu |
Sonichu |
Sub-Episodes
See also: Chris and English | List of phrases Chris copied from media
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Saga&oldid=354606"