Title: September 2025 social media posts
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/September_2025_social_media_posts
Categories: 
================================================================================

This page is an archive of Chris's social media posts during September 2025. Unless otherwise indicated, the posts are on Twitter from the account @CPU_CWCSonichu and on Bluesky from the account ‪@cpujcwcsprime.bsky.social‬ and all time stamps are Eastern Time Zone (ET).
Contents
1 Hey. impostor.
2 Really nice drawing
3 Which is the glitch copy?
4 Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime review
5 Dinobot Snarl and Sonic teaser
6 Unacceptable humor
7 Purchase through Cwclight or Etsy
8 Punicrackder-V Review Mikoto teaser
9 Video premiere tomorrow
10 Inspired by Emgo316
11 Go! Transformers!
12 Go! Transformers! Twitter version
13 Just the Music Video version
14 Chris wrote the lyrics
15 Adventure Time giveaway
16 Sonichu medallions are NOT cursed
17 Chris reposts his own six-year-old posts
17.1 A message from Magi-Chan
17.2 Chris claims to be employed overseeing Dimensional Merge
18 Emgo
19 Thoughts on new Nintendo "summon" patent
20 Bowser
21 Selling Xbox One X
22 Retro Review
23 Medallion Rebirthed
24 The XBox has been sold.
25 Sonic drawing reminder
26 (Renegade) Focus review
27 Sonichu Amiibo supply
28 MLP G5 FAQ
29 Twitter repost
30 Kamala
31 Abusers and Deceivers
32 Russia invading CWCville
33 When MLPG5 is removed
34 Leucovorin
35 Sonic Racing / Gobots
36 Why Chris is just playing with toys instead of teaching us about the Merge
37 Continued on my Blue sky
38 Rapture
39 Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Tork
40 Finn
41 Off key
42 Great Timing
43 Transformers figures news
Hey. impostor.
1 September
10:49 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Hey. impostor. I saw you! ⚡️💙⚡️
Really nice drawing
1 September
2:21 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Chris McFeely
I've drawn a panel for the next Sonic the Comic Reillustrated! Haven't picked up a pencil in a long time but pleased to find I haven't totally lost the knack! Keep an eye out for the finished project - 48 artists, redrawing a classic STC story, one panel each!
Chris
That's a really nice drawing.
Which is the glitch copy?
1 September
9:44 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account, replying to an earlier post.
Which one of them is the glitch copy?
⚡️💙⚡️
Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime review
5 September
2:24 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
Even The Prime, as well as the Avatar, have to adjust with the times.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts YouTube link to Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime.]
The message was reposted to Twitter a minute later. The images are exclusive to the Twitter post.
Dinobot Snarl and Sonic teaser
6 September
10:59 AM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
What do Dinobot Snarl and Sonic the Hedgehog have in common and can do individually? Find out on September 12, 2025. ⚡️💙⚡️
#Hasbro #Transformers #SonicTheHedgehog
The message was reposted to Twitter on the same minute. The last two images are swapped places on the Bluesky post. On the Twitter post, two of the hashtags are replaced with "@Hasbro" and "@sonic_hedgehog".
Unacceptable humor
6 September
5:37 PM
Posted on Chris's Twitter.
Riley
[replying to an earlier tweet]
Is it true that cwcville has supplied arms
to the IDF (Israeli Defense Force) which are currently being used in the Gaza Strip?
Chris
Never ever. And that kind of "humor" is not acceptable, even online.
Purchase through Cwclight or Etsy
6 September
5:37 PM
Posted on Chris's Twitter.
Ms.Sparkles Jenifer
@CPU_CWCSonichu Chris Chan big fan and I was hoping maybe if you could give me a Sonichu medallion or something personally drawn from you? I have been having a rough time and that would make me so happy. Xoxo thank you bunches
Chris
You may purchase a medallion or order a commission through the Cwclight or my Etsy.
Punicrackder-V Review Mikoto teaser
11 September
11:37 PM
What has Mikoto been scheming this entire time? Find out this and more tomorrow after Punicrackder-V's Review in the same video. Only on #YouTube. ⚡️💙⚡️
#Hasbro #TransformersLegacyUnitedMerged
#GoBots.
The message was reposted to Chris's Twitter a minute later, with the only differences being the emoji signature being placed down, and him mentioning @Hasbro on Twitter instead of using a hashtag.
Video premiere tomorrow
11 September
11:52 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account, quoting an earlier post.
Hey, every #Transformer Reviewer and Fan, I think you all will definitely what will be premiering tomorrow morning at 11:30 am, Eastern Standard Time (10:30 am Central, 9:30 am Mountain and 8:30 am Pacific). 🍿🍿🍿Popcorn is encouraged.⚡️💙⚡️
Inspired by Emgo316
11 September
11:56 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account, replying to the previous post.
And, personal note, I did have fun recording this one, as I did the others in my series, Definitely inspired by #Emgo316, if that old intro from Years ago was not a giveaway. ⚡️💙⚡️
If you among the "Christorians" did not know or realize that, y'all are goobers.
Go! Transformers!
12 September
1:07 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky.
🎵Go! Transformers! More than meets the eye🎶
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video]
Go! Transformers! Twitter version
12 September
1:21 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter.
🎵Go! Transformers! More than meets the eye🎶
⚡️💙⚡️
@Hasbro @transformers
#TransformersLegacyUnitedMerged
#GoBots
[Posts link to Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Punicrackder V plus Music Video]
Take a Bite out of shutterbugin' trolls and crime.
Autobots and Guardians!
"Time to go!"
#GoBots
Snarl can Spin Dash!
Just the Music Video version
12 September
10:30 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky.
And, if you just want to watch the music video instead of the Punicrackder-V review and story (though, the music video is part of the story), we got you covered.
⚡️💙⚡️🎵🎶
[Posts link to Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video]
Two minutes later, Chris reposted a slightly different version of the message to Twitter, with two images attached:
And, if you just want to watch the music video instead of the Punicrackder-V review and story (though, the music video is part of the story), we got you covered. 🎵🎶
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video]
Chris wrote the lyrics
13 September
1:35 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter, quote replying to the previous post.
I forgot to mention that I did, indeed, personally write the lyrics for the song.
🎵⚡️💙⚡️🎶
Adventure Time giveaway
13 September
12:47 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
youtooz
☁️ADVENTURE TIME GIVEAWAY☁️
to win all 4 figures dropping tuesday rt & like this post then comment
ADVENTURETOOZ 🎸 no limits on entries
3 winners will be announced sept 16th when the collection drops 👑
[Posts promotional image.]
Chris
ADVENTURETOOZ
Sonichu medallions are NOT cursed
14 September
8:08 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
I wish to state and clarify that the Sonichu and Rosechu Medallions, and such from my personal blessing, are not cursed. They are infused with the intention to cleanse and bless the wearers.
If you are experiencing bad times since, this is due to certain evils inside that...
...are being purged, so you can be cleansed and find blessings. It takes exposing the sins, self-reflection, soul-searching and repentance sometimes to find the blessings that you are meant to soon or eventually find for yourself.
This is a great truth, regardless.
I had sinned by being a jerk and pervert before, but I have repented over and over again and intend on doing good, purely for the sake of goodness, light power and righteousness.
And a lot of the time, that old version of you remains of you like a scar, and one's nature...
...is very difficult to change, but doable.
See, some of those who received a Sonichu, Rosechu or custom medallion from me and my store, they had already done some bad or dark things before them. The ones on YouTube, for example. Things like being overly perverted,...
...had intense rage and anger for the sake of anger, lied a lot, etcetera; the medallions are Exposing those Evils; purging and cleansing them, so they can soon enough be cleansed, up to being purified. I had heard of one or so of them ending up being cancelled in the process.
But, they do end up finding their respective blessings and a better life.
The medallions I've, personally, been offering, are not cursed, nor are they repelling the people; they are cleansing them, so they can learn, maybe repent, and potentially redeem themselves.
But at least, some to a lot of you all have heard of at least a few of those testimonies.
And this is the verification of that they are blessed wares, because cleansing away the evils, that has been the intention I had set in them.
⚡️💙⚡️
In the photo posted by Chris, he appears to be wearing a new medallion and the same blue Superdry hoodie previously seen in various Finland sightings.
Chris reposts his own six-year-old posts
On 14 September, for unclear reasons, Chris reposted the following two Twitter posts from his old account @CWCSonichu (some of his last posts on the account, implying he had just briefly revisited it):
A message from Magi-Chan
14 June 2019
4:45 PM
To everyone, a word from my loving hubby and Guardian Angel, Magi-Chan Sonichu, himself (@MagiChan111448)
Transcription of screenshots
I am aware of those of you who attempt to contact @CPU_CWCSonichu, claiming I have relayed a message through you. For the latter of the time, I am literally right next to Christine, and she listens to me very well verbally and telepathically. Trolling her or not,...
...making the false claim(s) of me talking through any of you to her, especially in attempt to attack her with “News” about Cwcville and within and around C-197 is simply wrong.
I take this moment to personally address the issue in efforts of ceasing and desisting this farce.
Rest assured, I personally verify what is true and false to Christine, and her common sense over the years has improved, but she still is a student in all things.
Until next time, wherein I shall be fully tangible to her and all of you, I bid you all a good day.
💜⚡️
Chris claims to be employed overseeing Dimensional Merge
12 June 2019
10:47 AM
@CPU_CWCSonichu
Emgo
15 September
11:43 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter.
Em Gomez
Nice little haul from the toy store that is both big and bad. @BigBadToyStore
Chris
I wonder how this compares with #MLPSilverQuill's robot mode, and how he feels about this Hippogriff Prime that is Onyx.
Thoughts on new Nintendo "summon" patent
16 September
Posted to Chris's Twitter.
3:30 PM
Hey, everyone ⚡️💙⚡️
Normally, I don't get involved in politics, as a lot of you may know. But I am at least aware of a few to some that pop up in headlines.
But, yeah, real talk, @NintendoAmerica: filing a Patent on Creature Summoning for fighting other creatures or similar?
[Posts Pokemon GIF.]
Simply put, what the f***? Summoning creatures, including Humans, is a thing that is as old as time, and absolutely no one can hold a patent on such. You all are business people who don't want another #Palworld situation, BUT you all are not Gods. It is a concept, idea...
...and practices old as Time, period. You can't even get a patent on a single colour or colour scheme, such as blue or red and green.
@Nintendo, I feel like you all are making a grave sin and error that can be easily undone.
Consider this, @NintendoAmerica: you could simply give up this patent and swap it for one that focuses on giving creatures guns, then no one would dare do another #Palworld. So easy.
And what would be next? A Patent on giving birth to a human or creature, let them live life,...
3:31 PM
...then sending them to go and fight with guns in another country or even planet?
Just, guys, you Need to see how awful wrong this patent you somehow got is. It's almost as bad as summoning a country leader into a fight with a gun; wanna patent that, too? You do not. Okay?
[Posts Pokemon GIF.]
Make peace, not war between you and your fans and consumers, @NintendoAmerica. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts Pokemon GIF.]
Chris reposted the message to Bluesky at 3:52 PM, with the first two GIFs being different Pokemon GIFs.
Bowser
16 September
4:11 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter.
Omegan
If Dr. Ivo “Eggman” Robotnik represents the worst of Humanity, what does the King Koopa Bowser represent?
[Posts pictures of Eggman and Bowser.]
Chris
Someone darkest sinning that has been through the fire and brimstone.
Selling Xbox One X
18 September
7:32 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Hey, everyone. I'm selling my XBox and games. Mainly, we're selling it on Cwclight, but it's also on eBay to reach further; one gets sold or bidded on, the other listing closes. But, we're linking both for now.⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Cwclight listing.]
https://ebay.us/m/cMR84K
The second tweet was deleted after the Xbox was sold.
Retro Review
18 September
10:28 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Retro and mildly updated.⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Retro Review: Titans Return Son-Chu Review]
Medallion Rebirthed
18 September
10:36 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account, replying to the previous post.
Redeemed. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to OG Sonichu Medallion Upgraded, Rebirthed and Redeemed]
The XBox has been sold.
19 September
9:29 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account, quote replying to a previous post. It took only eight hours for it to be sold on Cwclight for $510.
The XBox has been sold. It will be shipped to the buyer as soon as possible. Thank you very much.
⚡️💙⚡️
Sonic drawing reminder
19 September
11:07 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
We still have this classic drawing I drew from decades ago on Cwclight. All purchases made on Cwclight, I promise, go straight into my Savings towards paying off the Mortgage. ⚡️💙⚡️
https://officialsonichu.com/products/first-sonic-the-hedgehog-drawing-by-jcwcsp
(Renegade) Focus review
19 September
11:30 am
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
It's now time to get in better Focus, because enough is enough with the shutterbugs. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - (Renegade) Focus]
And the Intel the online "detectives" have these days is worse than Russian Energon.
Sonichu Amiibo supply
19 September
8:20 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky.
‪juveniletactic.bsky.social‬
@cpujcwcsprime.bsky.social
Do you have the Sonichu Amiibo ready to ship if I buy one?
Chris
Yes
MLP G5 FAQ
19 September
8:59 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky.
⚡️💙⚡️
I am going to answer an FAQ right here while it is fresh in my mind, again: Why do I stay away from MLP G5 and why I have been giving it flak, even though I have not at all watched Any of it.
For starters, I am really intuitive. I have a very strong sense when it comes to vibes and energy.
Look it up, because this is very common with those born under the Pisces sign. When I first heard of it back in, what(?), 2019 or 2020, I sensed seriously early how awful it was going to be. So awful that it literally goes against this timeline order, itself.
This had nothing to do with any of the business politics or quality. I sensed bad vibes long beforehand. Same as when I sensed Trump's narcissism and what awful shit he was going to do before he did it back in the first debate between him and Hillary Clinton.
And down the line, while still not watching an ounce of G5, I only found further confirmations of symbolic and crucial moments and events that had transpired since.
But this Timeline would be better, and can still be better, with MLP FiM continuing to Season 14, Episode 26 (forgetting Season 9,...
...Episode 26's Future parts) and Equestria Girls getting a more proper animated series. And G5 being totally removed from Everything, period.
Ask any authentic Psychic; they will tell you the same. And, of course, the Brony analysts have spoken their views that agree with what I foretold.
I have a valid deeper reason for still pressing on with the (present) Resuming MLP G4, as a LOT of people do agree with me on that as well.
And for the sake of this timeline, and I foreknow how it would be if I did, aside from being a hypocrite if I did, I intend to never watch MLP G5 until...
...Only After My Little Pony -Friendship is Magic, Season 14, Episode 26 has been aired on TV and put on stream. Absolutely Not Sooner.
I continue to stand my ground on that, regardless of circumstances that have transpired since I made that prophetic Tweet back in 2020 or 2021. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of MLP.]
Twitter repost
19 September
9:02 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
[Posts link to previous Bluesky post.]
[Posts GIF of Twilight Sparkle from MLP]
Kamala
20 September
10:06 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Brian Krassenstein
BREAKING:
Trump is effectively pulling back from NATO just as Russia begins violating the sovereignty of NATO nations like Poland, and Estonia.
The Pentagon has just informed European diplomats the US will partially halt military assistance to Baltic nations and NATO states bordering Russia.
KAMALA was RIGHT about EVERYTHING!
[posts video of Kamala Harris and Donald Trump debate]
Chris
Kamala Was Right. ⚡️💙⚡️
Abusers and Deceivers
20 September
3:22 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Of the haters, fakers and darkest deceiving individuals that make up the minority of billions of people on this very Earth, I realized something.
There is a really common thing I hate. I can forgive individuals so much for doing so bad.
[Posts link to Punicrackder-V Review Original Ending]
But to try to not come off as a jerk, which I will admit, I was before, but I am working on myself in being more kind, considerate and understanding.
But when it comes to the abuse and things I took over the years, I can only take so f****** much.
With Gwen(mi) Mikoto being one representative of the trolls and bullies, yet between the Crackders, the Punislavs and the S.A.V.s, they're essentially embodiments and a combination into a bigger embodiment of those who are just abusive not only to me but other victims that have..
... experienced similar.
The abusers and deceivers, f*** them. The ones flying around spreading their hatred everywhere. The ones collecting those to infuse their hatred into and corrupt them. And, of course, the Jerkops who overabused their power of authority for evil and...
...selfish gains. Which, that is aside from the police and politicians who actually do good and not abuse their power.
In all of my experiences over the years, and over a couple of decades on the internet, I received a mixed, f***** up reception.
I generally have a better faith in good people and individuals, but my faith gets shaken from time to time; I can only take so much.
But I deeply know holding grudges is not healthy. It's common sense and knowledged. So, I vibe towards forgiveness.
I can forgive, but when I am reminded after a time of not even thinking about it, it comes back and haunts me one way or another. So I get fueled with anger in the moment, then I take a few deep breaths to calm myself. And do my best to move forward.That's the context.⚡️💙⚡️
Russia invading CWCville
20 September
3:25 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Sneed
[replying to an earlier tweet]
Still mad about Russia invading CWCville?
Chris
Russia has never ever invaded Cwcville nor America at all. Get off your non-existent propaganda.
When MLPG5 is removed
20 September
Posted to Chris's Bluesky account.
gabbyanon.bsky.social
[replying to an earlier post]
You do know that G5 has been cancelled right?
Chris
When MLPG5 is removed from EVERYTHING online, as well as cabel televsion, all the G5 toys and media recalled and out of existence, period, and Feiendship is Magic is Resuming with Season 10, then things will be better. ⚡️💙⚡️
Leucovorin
22 September
11:04 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
I have just heard about Trump's announcement on medications for Autism, leucovorin. I've read that it is mainly used for reversing toxic damage from methotrexate, enhancing cancer treatment and treating anemia.
This drug was under study for potential autism work. ...
In Some autistic individuals, there is a specific subgroup that also have cerebral folate deficiency (CFD). Leucovorin could be used to bypass autoantibodies in the brain, as well as supplying the brain with a usable floate to improve neurogical brain functions. ...
But then there are the side effects of leucovorin: naisia, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pains and inflammations in mouth and intestines. Nerve damage can occur, weakness and fatigue, decreased appetite, taste changes and even hair loss. ...
It gets worse. It can also bring up severe allergic reactions, seizures, infections and severe diarrhea.
My conclusion and personal feeling: leucovorin is Not a viable drug for autism, in general. It is meant to target a specific brain disorder that is not typical in autism.
[Posts GIF of Mr. Mackey from South Park]
And it's risks outweigh the success. So, yeah, Trump is going to get even more flak from everyone on top of the other s*** things he has done.
If, anything, if one is diagnosed with folate deficiency, try some Vitamin B9. It's OTC, and could work if the directions are followed.
[Posts GIF of cartoon vitamins]
Sonic Racing / Gobots
23 September
1:42 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter.
👻GoBots Daily👻
Sonic racing crossworlds x gobots goes crazy #tbh
Chris
Do one of Crasher, one of Sparky and one of Stallion.
Why Chris is just playing with toys instead of teaching us about the Merge
24 September
11:00 AM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky.
⚡️💙⚡️
Hey. Today, I am going to answer another FAQ: "Why is Chris just playing with toys instead of teaching us about the Merge or something Divine?"
The truth is, there are moments in between times of greater knowledge and insight where I am meant to simply live and do. And in those moments,...
...such as with the Transformers review videos, if you pay attention with light power and intuition, you would see pieces of the greater story at present and the grander puzzle scattered throughout.
I also gave you all more story content for the Autobots of Cwcville, as well as Cwcville, itself.
It may not be centered around the Sonichus and Rosechus, but it is in the same world; the same state in the same United States of America, that have been and are happening on the C-197 half of this very Earth.
Anyway, a lot of the answers about the Dimension Merge is literally all around you,...
...increasing in tangibility; some already tangible with you. In part, they can also be considered signs and messages relayed by the angels of the Heaven Realm as well as the Cosmos, Akashic Records, etcetera.
All you needed to do was just pay attention to everything around you, and you would...
...truly wake up to it all and see and learn for yourself. Science does have a lot of valid, grounded answers, but miracles and manifestations do happen that defy at least one aspect of the evolving scientific understandings with the metaphysical and beyond.
I do have more messages that will be stated time and again, rather it be in post or video, or even spoken words, including that when I speak in Akashic while feeling fatigued in the moments.
[Posts link to Speaking Akashic.]
Everything is up for interpretation, and only those who are authentically psychic, spiritual vastly connected and metaphysical can translate it so. And once it is spoken, it is erased from the speaker's conscious memory, like an obscure dream's details.
Not many neurotypical individuals can get it.
In any event, I am continuing to live life and enjoying the moments, and when I can, better, I will speak more from my intuition, as well as my divine and cosmic connections and beyond. Take from that what you may; the hate comments do not phase me nor the sequence of events, period.
⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of Twilight Sparkle from MLP.]
Continued on my Blue sky
24 September
11:02 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter, plugging his previous Bluesky post.
⚡️💙⚡️
Hey. Today, I am going to answer another FAQ: "Why is Chris just playing with toys instead of teaching us about the Merge or something Divine?"
Continued on my Blue sky.
[Posts link to previous Bluesky post.]
[Posts GIF of Twilight Sparkle from MLP.]
Rapture
24 September
7:53 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
I have just been made aware of Joshua Mhkakela's rapture prediction and people's reactions on @tiktok_us.
Actually, when it comes to moments like that, they typically appear as a flash of light for the majority who continue onward in good and light power on Earth,...
...as opposed to those who don't get that we experience and remain on the previous version of this universe in the timeline that had divided in that moment. In this, after the fact, it just appears as if nothing had happened to those who continue and leave the habits, thoughts...
...and events of the past behind in their choice to proceed for the better of themselves. The ones who are left behind pretty much just fade out of the view and range of everyone who continues on, often fading in the background, disappearing from view,...
...signified as their death in ours and the perspectives of those who continue onward. It happens in an instant without a thought. We all pretty much stay on Earth, but it is mainly set for the better in the new timeline that is made for us with great Light Power and good in us.
So, in a way, between the timeline split, it happens without our conscious knowledge, unless we are super attuned to the energies of the shift and timeline divide. To at least some, it does give a feeling with a sound of the Heavenly trumpets blaring.
It is a sign for us who continue to shape up and do right for the better in our choice making and deeds for us and everyone.
Continue forth in good strides with faith and Light Power, everyone.⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of space]
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Tork
26 September
11:39 AM
Posted to both Chris's Twitter and Bluesky accounts.
Secret Rider Torkin' it up in rotation with a MASK. #Gobots @Transformers #TransformersLegacyUnitedMerged ⚡️💙⚡️
[links to Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Tork]
[on Twitter, posts screenshots from Transformers and from the video]
Finn
26 September
3:35 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
#FinnThePony's got a big grin on #LightningBliss' channel for a fun reason. It's so unexpected and funny to see. [posts a screenshot]
Off key
28 September
9:34 PM
Posted to Chris's Bluesky, then to Twitter two minutes later.
Kind of a random thought, but I have realized something else about myself: I'm some off key when it comes to singing.
What is the appeal to y'all, other than the Cringe from it?
But, I really do not care, in any event.
I like to sing. Please, appreciate the effort. ⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts GIF of Jack Bunny from I Love To Singa]
Great Timing
29 September
11:16 PM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
Em Gomez
The pen is mightier than the doorknob.
YOUNG WO-YA! Age of the Primes Voyager ALPHA TRION: EmGo's Transformers Reviews
youtu.be/VL77bslZ5-4
Chris
Great Timing, #Emgo316!⚡️💙⚡️
[Posts link to PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers]
Five minutes later, Chris posted to Bluesky:
Perfect Timing with #Emgo316 #AlphaTrion review.Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters and Fakers.⚡️💙⚡️
He included the same link to his video.
Transformers figures news
30 September
1:16 AM
Posted to Chris's Twitter account.
TFW2005
TFSource News! M.A.S.K. preorders, Masterpiece Icons Return from the Vault and More! https://news.tfw2005.com/2025/09/29/tfsource-news-m-a-s-k-preorders-masterpiece-icons-return-from-the-vault-and-more-547545
Chris
Secret Riders callef out Secret Raiders! ⚡️💙⚡️
v • d • e
Social media
Facebook
Posts
Early Facebook Posts2012: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2013: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2014: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2015: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September
• October • November • December2016: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Other Pages
Brassieres For Males • Keep Sonic Original • FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!!
Twitter
Tweets
Tweets from 2009-20162017: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2018: January • February
Sockpuppets
Night Star (Tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • TwiSparLicious • MagiChan111448 • Creamarina • Tinyhorse1942
Combined Activities
2018: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2019: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2020: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November • December2021: January • February • March • April • May • June • July2023: October • November • December2024: January • February • March • April • May • June‎‎ • July‎‎ • August‎‎ • September • October • November • December2025: January • February • March • April • May • June • July • August • September • October • November
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=September_2025_social_media_posts&oldid=349990"