Title: Sonichu 4
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Issue_4
Categories: Articles of the Now, Sonichu comic book issues
================================================================================

“
neebiflipblam04
”
Chris's title for his file of the comic[1]
Sonichu #4
Cover Date:
2 November 2005
Began:
24 March 2005
Finished:
after 2 September 2005
Page Count:
95
Episodes:
none
Sub-Episodes:
1-8
Sonichu Comics
PreviousSonichu #3
NextSonichu #5
Sonichu #4 is the fifth issue of the Sonichu series.
A departure from the previous books in both form and content, Sonichu #4 is a sort of anthology that consists exclusively of Sub-Episodes about Chris's Love Quest and other happenings of his life, which originally appeared at the end of each previous issue. Chris's narcissism is in full bloom here, as he reprints the first four sub-episodes (from Sonichu #0 to #3), and adds four more.
Although Chris would not complete Sonichu #3 until February 2006, he had begun work on the new material in Sonichu #4. Sub-Episodes 5, 6 and 7 were completed during the summer of 2005, and Sub-Episode 8 was at least started by September 2005. Given that the events these stories are based upon happened in the summer of 2005, Chris probably had them forefront on his mind and was able to work more quickly on them than his wretched "Sonichu Babies" plot in Sonichu #3.
Chris has stated that his mother told him to stop making sub-episodes as they loosely depicted unflattering events from Chris's life;[2] this issue's format may represent an effort to get them all out of the way immediately following her edict. Chris claims to have forgotten the exact reason his mother was offended by the comics, though one imagines it might have had something to do with the fact that her grown son was making comics depicting how he solicited girls for sex relationships at shopping centers, and caused a scene when asked to stop. Or the fact that in one sub-episode, Chris is seen "killing" a character depicting a real person (though she appears just fine later on), who had recently suspended him from college for making implied threats towards her.
At this point, Chris appeared to cut the pretense and make the series purely about his Mary Sue stand-in instead of the title character. Each episode in the book tells basically the same story: Chris loitering, being confronted by his enemies and then effortlessly defeating them. The book also introduces Crystal Weston Chandler, Chris's repressed gender dysphoria hypothetical twin sister. Sonichu only appears once in the entire issue, while Rosechu and a new character, Darkbind, also make an appearance in Sub Episode 2 and 4 respectively. Any other Electric-Hedgehog seen is through Chris's limitless powers, with an image of each character he stole powers from (Growth from Wild, Whirlwind from Angelica, etc.) popping up next to him upon use.
For almost every episode, there is an edited version, mainly poorly changing real-life names or changing his "curse-ye-ha-me-ha" attack by one word.
Contents
1 Reprinted Sub-Episodes
1.1 Sub-Episode 1: Christian Chandler in "Jerkop-tastropie"
1.2 Sub-Episode 2: Christian Chandler in "The Rise & Fall of My Heart"
1.3 Sub-Episode 3: Christian Chandler & Sonichu in "Witch Confront"
1.4 Sub-Episode 4: Christian Chandler in "McAttack"
1.4.1 Advertisement
2 New Sub-Episodes
2.1 Sub-Episode 5: Christian Chandler in "McAttack Part 2"
2.2 Sub-Episode 6: "Christian Chandler's Backyard Safari"
2.3 Sub-Episode 7: Christian Chandler in "Off-Target"
2.4 Sub-Episode 8: Christian Chandler in "Off-Target Part 2"
2.4.1 Back Cover
2.5 Comic pages
2.5.1 2009 revisions
2.6 See also
2.7 References
2.8 External links
Reprinted Sub-Episodes
These are the Sub-Episodes that were included in earlier comics and reprinted in Sonichu #4.
Sub-Episode 1: Christian Chandler in "Jerkop-tastropie"
Resources
Jerkop-tastropie
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 1
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 1
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 1
Main article: Sub-Episode 1
Reprinted from Sonichu #0,
the episode opens with Chris moping around Mal-Wart, complaining about how he has no girlfriend because of all the men taking pretty girls from him. The Jerkhief rightfully accuses Christian of solicitation and grows tired of Chris's whining for a girlfriend. This forces Chris to transform into Chris-chan Sonichu and defend himself with the dreaded Curse-ye-ha-me-ha after having Jerkops attempt to handcuff him.
In the edited version, the attack is known as Shin-ye-ha-me-ha.
Note: In this episode, Chris utters the phrase "Fuzzy Wuzzies get you hugs- Prickly Wicklies get you slugs". He then points out how the Jerkhief dealt him a slug, which should make Chris come to his senses and realize his awful "prickly wickly" behavior. But seeing how this is Chris, he forgets this and decides that a slug equals a Mary Sue attack that ruins innocent lives.
When this episode first appeared in Sonichu #0, Chris had not yet received his powers; he'd get them later in Issue 2 Episode 7 .
Sub-Episode 2: Christian Chandler in "The Rise & Fall of My Heart"
Resources
The Rise & Fall of My Heart
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 2
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 2
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 2
Main article: Sub-Episode 2
The episode opens with Chris further moping about and on a break from his quest to eat eight Chicken McNuggets. Chris meets Hanna, who asks him out for coffee. All we learn of the girl is that she enjoys reading Chuck Palahniuk, plays guitar, and works at an unknown store. Chris spends most of the "date" talking about himself and showing off his Sonichu Scrapbook, ending it by giving her a "double-take flirt" and calling his family. Meanwhile, Rosechu is off spreading the word that Chris had a date, since that appears to be breaking news that every citizen must know. While planning his next interaction with Hanna with help from a dating sim game, Chris learns from Rosechu that Hanna is trolling him. She finds this out after using her woman powers to overhear gossip among Hanna and her co-workers: while her friends ask about Chris, feeding his ego by wondering if he's dreamy and if they hear bells, Hanna reveals that it was a joke set up by the "boss." After Chris confronts Hanna about this betrayal and she confirms it true, Chris lets out a loud "Nooooooooo!!!" (an action which, in real life, likely got him banned from the mall).
Chris ends with a passive-aggressive email to Hanna, telling her it wasn't okay that she pranked him, but also that she's very attractive and that he's willing to give her a second chance, as long as she doesn't smoke and is boyfriend-free. For no reason, he mentions he graduated with High Honors from school.
In the edited version, Hanna is known as "Fandanna", and the full page scene where Chris declares his Love Quest over changed from a rainbow explosion background to a more anime-looking Chris in front of a heaven background. Some versions will combine edits with the original.
It should also be noted that the only Electric Hedgehogs known at the time of initial publishing were Sonichu, Rosechu, and Blake; however, Rosechu is seen calling Bubbles and Wild, who would not be known by the team until Issue 3 Episode 11. It could be assumed she met them at the mall or knew them beforehand, but according to their introductions, the Chaotic Combo never knew other Electric Hedgehogs existed until they coincidentally bumped into one another.
Reprinted from Sonichu #1.
Sub-Episode 3: Christian Chandler & Sonichu in "Witch Confront"
Resources
Witch Confront
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 3
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 3
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 3
Main article: Sub-Episode 3
Christian as Chris-Chan breaks into Mary Lee Walsh's lair as she poorly rips off Macbeth's "Double Double" line, attempting to put an end to her heart shattering (mainly for himself) and parodies rips off Sailor Moon. After a brief fight, she overpowers him and learns his secret identity. Before she can deal the finishing blow, Sonichu (in a rare cameo) has to bail him out. Together, Chris and Sonichu seemingly finish off Mary Lee Walsh with a combo attack.
Reprinted from Sonichu #2.
In edited versions, Mary Lee Walsh is known as Slaweel.
Sub-Episode 4: Christian Chandler in "McAttack"
Resources
McAttack Part 1
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 4
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 4
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 4
Main article: Sub-Episode 4
Christian loiters at a McDonald's for so long that he is attacked by two manajerks. Chris mentions how he got his anime-wings from a previous con. As he transforms to Chris-Chan Sonichu, the wings magically attach to his head, making him Super Chris-Chan Sonichu, giving him the ability of flight. Darkbind Sonichu makes his first appearance, magically summoned only to aide Chris, sidetracking him from his own quest to reawaken Princess Zelda Princess Zelina Rosechu. Darkbind's powers consist of sword fighting and plagiarizing Monty Python. After the defeat of B-Manajerk and Merried Seinor Comic, Darkbind runs off as Chris deals a long-winded speech on how he is above the law and only holds the sign and loiters since women are too busy shopping to notice him, saying he is allowed to go where he wants when he wants. The comic ends on a cliffhanger as a new challenger approaches.
Reprinted from Sonichu #3.
Advertisement
While the CWCipedia version is presented without advertisements between features, the older version on CWC's Sonichu Site recycles the ads for MySpace and Axe between Sub-Episodes 4 and 5.
New Sub-Episodes
These are new Sub-Episodes printed for the first time in Sonichu #4.
Sub-Episode 5: Christian Chandler in "McAttack Part 2"
Resources
McAttack Part 2
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 5
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 5
Videobooks:
Sub-Episode 5
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 5
Continuing from Sub-Episode 4, the W-M-Manajerk immediately blasts Chris into a soda fountain, knocking off his anime wings and drenching him with cola. In an unprecedented moment, Chris suddenly decides that he needs to bathe and "smell like a Flower", and takes a "CWC" shower that lasts exactly three seconds (he seems to think this is impressive). Chris charges W-M, but he catches our hero and holds him high in the air. Just as Chris is wondering if anything can defeat W-M-Manajerk, his ancestor, the ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan, appears before him with advice concerning Chris's Heart Torch:
“
...combined with your powers, you can use it to summon your dream sibling! She will be able to help you, much better than your mother even! Farewell, Chris!
”
Chris realizes that his ancestor is referring to the twin sister he has dreamed of having and has depicted in his homemade Yu-Gi-Oh! cards. Emulating Wild Sonichu's power of growth, Chris momentarily grows so large that he breaks loose of the Manajerk's grip, and lands on the opposite side of the restaurant from his Pixelblock-Heart Torch. Dashing past enemy fire, he retrieves the totem, and summons Crystal Weston Chandler into reality. Seeing that Crystal has a Rosechu medallion, Chris realizes that she possesses the same anchuent powers as he does (he would later shoehorn her into the prophecy and damage the retroactive continuity yet more), and they transform into Chris-Chan Sonichu and Crystalina Rosechu.
Together they assault the W-M-Manajerk with Mirror Coat, Reflect and Double Corkscrew Kick. Once he is down, they finish the job by combining Chris's Curse-ye-ha-me-ha and Crystalina's Shocking Tiara Magic to decapitate him. It is only after they separate W-M-Manajerk's head from his body that they realize he can survive in this state, nonchalantly confirming that their intent was to murder him. While B-Manajerk and Merried Seinor Comic decide they should retreat, Crystal takes the time to rant about how he's intruding on her brother's Love Quest and that how he could never know true love due to his lack of a heart, among other things. Eventually, even Chris gets tired of his imaginary sister's bullshit and cuts her off (which is hypocritical since Chris and Sonichu are both known to go on long page-covering tirades), before having W-M-Manajerk confess unprompted that he is from the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens and that he was sent by Mary Lee Walsh. Christian and Crystal decide to punt the disembodied head back to PVCC, where it strikes Walsh on the head, knocking her unconscious, followed by some hilarious word play at the expense of an old woman suffering a violent concussion.
Sub-Episode 6: "Christian Chandler's Backyard Safari"
Resources
Christian Chandler's Backyard Safari
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 6
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 6
Videobooks:
Sub-Episode 6
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 6
"Sonichu, MAH BOI, this China is what all true autistic virgins strive for!"
Christian presents a documentary on the various jerkops he has encountered during his Love Quest, with a profile on the Jerkhief. It's during this profile that he mentions that a Jerkop's badge is just a graham cracker painted yellow. The Jerkhief's, however, is made of wood. Somehow, this is supposed to explain the Jerkhief's "delicious" wooden badge on the cover.
He then relays an incident in which he was hanging out with his gal pals, when a "tribe of jerkops," led by the Jerkhief, harasses them. In the story, Chris stands his ground; however, the battle is interrupted by Crystal, emerging from a changing room in a new outfit. With the jerkops dazed by her ravishing beauty, Chris gets an idea to channel Magi-Chan's powers to telekinetically disarm all the jerkops and arrange them like bowling pins, so that he can use the Jerkhief like a bowling ball. But first, he makes a long, boring speech:
“
You're not getting to me; no matter what you may try in attempt or threat, I will hang out wherever I want, when I want, and how I want! And I will never quit in my search for a Boyfriend-Free Girl either! So, all you Jerkops may as well go back to the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens, and tell Mary Lee Walsh that if she is still intent on shattering my heart again, she can't! My heart is indestructible, and the more you haze me, I will grow stronger. Beware, evil for in the name of my heart, soul and Love Quest, I will punish you!
”
Chris concludes his documentary by explaining how the jerkops use a hypno-gun to brainwash slow-minded persons to their cause, thereby replenishing their numbers. This confirms that Chris is knowingly beating up a group of mentally handicapped people being forced to do evil deeds against their will, rather than finding a more peaceful solution in order to spare these innocent victims. While watching the conclusion of the program, ScotPalazzo decides to order more jerkops from PVCC to oppose Chris.
Sub-Episode 7: Christian Chandler in "Off-Target"
Resources
Off-Target Part 1
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 7
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 7
Videobooks:
Sub-Episode 7
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 7
No matter how it's drawn, the Straw will never not be funny in ways Chris probably hates.
A flashback (really just the re-used fifth comic in the Classic Sonichu Strips) reveals how Christian and Saramah Rosechu defeated Mary Lee Walsh some months ago; Graduon vows to destroy Chris with the strongest, most evil villain ever.
In the present day, Walsh and Graduon give Bagget his first assignment: to attack Chris at the Get-Tar Region, his new "watering hole" for boyfriend-free girls, complete with $1 sodas and unlimited refills. While listening to his Nintendo DS music and drawing, he is confronted by two Jerkops, who are aware of him being kicked out of Mal-Wart and want him to leave. Always quick to solve his problems with violence, Chris summons Angelica's whirlwind powers to casually blow them away. Two hours later, Bagget and a squad of jerkops confront Chris, leading him to transform into Chris-Chan Sonichu and give another lame speech about how they'll never defeat him. Bagget and Chris-Chan stand off in a samurai duel, and Chris manages to fake out Bagget with Double Team and takes him down in one strike. Not to be deterred, Bagget summons his Change-Bot Crackder, who easily defeats Chris-Chan and turns him back into his human form. However, Bagget's success is less a matter of his superior skill or strategy than the fact that for once, no one arrives in the nick of time to rescue Chris, as Crystal is unable to fight through the crowd of shoppers to help. In the cliffhanger, Crackder drops Chris from a dizzying height of at least ten feet.
This issue is also the origin of The Oversized Drinking Straw of Fail.
Sub-Episode 8: Christian Chandler in "Off-Target Part 2"
Resources
Off-Target Part 2
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 8
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 8
Videobooks:
Sub-Episode 8
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 8
Will Chris lose his virginity at last?
Continuing from Sub-Episode 7, Chris's fall is broken by Crystal's telekinetic powers. The jerkops decide to dog-pile on Chris, hog-tying him and going out of their way to give him severe carpet burns on his face. As Crystal watches on, inexplicably helpless to act, Chris is ferried away by Crackder to PVCC, marking the first time the villains have ever actually subdued and captured him.
While Crystal tracks Bagget as Crystalina Rosechu, Chris is presented before Mary Lee Walsh, trussed on a silver platter with an apple in his mouth. After pointlessly re-enacting the trial scene from The Transformers: The Movie, Walsh and the Jerkhief drop Chris in a vat of indeterminate liquid. Chris is finally rescued by Crystalina, who saves him from falling into... something, and battles Walsh's forces singlehandedly. Instead of showing Crystalina fighting the evil, Chris takes this time to mope to himself that is he still without a girlfriend. Without the power to help his sister, Chris experiences another vision of his ancestor, who offers words of encouragement. Due to Crystalina being a girl, she cannot fight the forces on her own, causing her to channel her energy to Chris and re-energize him. Finally able to transform into Chris-Chan Sonichu, Chris and his sister form up as Chrs-Chan Pure and use the Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance to destroy the crystal ball maintaining Walsh's control of PVCC. Walsh and Graduon escape to Manchester High School to rebuild their power base.
Back Cover
As with Sonichu #2, early editions feature the personal army request page, while the most recent CWCipedia version features Sonichu Adventure.
Comic pages
Issue 4
Cover
Disclaimer
Sub-Episode 1: Jerkop-tastropie
Page 1(original)
Page 2(original)
Page 3(original)
Page 4(original)
Page 5(original)
Page 6(original)
Page 7(original)
Page 8(original)
Page 9(original)
Page 10(original)
Sub-Episode 2: The Rise & Fall of My Heart
Page 11
Page 12
Page 13(original)
Page 14
Page 15(original)
Page 16(original)
Page 17(original)
Page 18(original)
Sub-Episode 3: Witch Confront
Page 19
Page 20
Page 21
Page 22
Page 23
Page 24
Page 25
Page 26
Sub-Episode 4: McAttack
Page 27
Page 28
Page 29
Page 30
Page 31
Page 32
Page 33
Page 34
Page 35
Page 36
Page 37
Page 38
Page 39
Page 40
Page 41 (MySpace advertisement)
Page 42 (Axe advertisement)
Sub-Episode 5: McAttack, Part 2
Page 43
Page 44
Page 45
Page 46
Page 47
Page 48
Page 49
Page 50
Page 51
Page 52
Page 53
Page 54
Page 55
Page 56
Sub-Episode 6: Christian Chandler's Backyard Safari
Page 57
Page 58
Page 59
Page 60
Page 61
Page 62
Page 63
Page 64
Page 65
Page 66
Sub-Episode 7: Off-Target
Page 67
Page 68
Page 69
Page 70
Page 71
Page 72
Page 73
Page 74
Page 75
Page 76
Page 77
Page 78
Page 79
Page 80
Sub-Episode 8: Off-Target, Part 2
Page 81
Page 82
Page 83
Page 84
Page 85
Page 86
Page 87
Page 88
Page 89
Page 90
Page 91
Page 92
Page 93
Page 94
Page 95
Page 96
Early Back Cover
Sonichu 4 fan art
Bizarro World Cover
2009 revisions
Issue 4 - Revised Pages
Revised pages from the Miyamoto Saga
Page 5
Page 6
Page 7
Page 8
Page 13
Page 15
Page 16
Page 17
Page 18
Revised Back Cover
See also
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on the Sonichu Comic Collection
W-M-Manajerk
Crystal Weston Chandler (sister)
Jerkhief
References
↑ File:Sonichupdfproperties4.png
↑ Mailbag 3: "I stopped drawing those because I made a promise to my mother that I would, but I forget why she was offended by them."
External links
Download the CBR to read the comic the way GodBear intended
Download as a ZIP file
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonichu_4&oldid=334140"