Title: Sonic the Hedgehog
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog_(2006)
Categories: Honest Articles, Articles of the Now, Things Chris has ripped off, Video Games, Christian and the Hedgehog Boys band members
================================================================================

For the 2020 live-action movie, see Sonic the Hedgehog (film).
This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
“
[I] looked up to Sonic the Hedgehog as my lifelong hero, because he's not only quck in the feet, but also in the head.
”
Christian Weston Chandler[1]
Sonichu character
Sonic
Gender
Male
Length
3'3" (100 cm)
Weight
77 lbs (35 kg)
Species
Hedgehog
Arm color
Blue
Sonic the Hedgehog is a blue-armed fictional character that was created by Sega in order to serve as their main mascot (replacing Alex Kidd), as well as to compete against Nintendo's Mario. He is also one of the primary characters from which the much-beloved comic book hero Sonichu draws inspiration.
Like many lolcows on the internet, Chris is a big fan of the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise. Chris claims that Sonic has been his "life long hero"[2] since June 1990 (sic),[3] replacing the American Rabbit in terms of overall importance.[4] Chris confirmed his loyalty to Sonic in 2014 when Sega's outrageous decision to change a non-canonical Sonic's arm color to blue forced Chris to vandalize stores and physically injure employees.
Contents
1 History
2 Notable multimedia
2.1 Comics
2.2 Sonic X
2.3 Sonic Boom
2.4 Sonic CD
2.5 Sonic Forces
2.6 Film
2.7 Sonic World fan game
2.8 Sonic X Shadow Generations
2.9 Sonic '06
2.10 Sonic Racing: Crossworlds
3 References to Chris
3.1 Sega Acknowledges Sonichu
3.2 Sonic mentions Sonichu on Twitter
3.3 Sonic Boom pickle joke
3.4 Sonic Boom parody
3.5 Sonic Boom writer jokes about Sonichu
3.6 IGN Movie Quiz
4 Role in the comics
4.1 Tails's lack of a role in the comics
4.2 Amy Rose
4.3 Shadow the Hedgehog
5 Other character mentions
5.1 Sally Acorn
5.2 Christopher Thorndyke
6 Plagiarism
7 Gallery
8 See also
9 References
10 External links
History
Chris first discovered Sonic through a Sega Genesis demo at a Sears in the Fashion Square Mall, which was showcasing the game Sonic the Hedgehog (1991). The game's basic plot being Sonic running around to defeat Doctor Robotnik, who was portrayed as a plump, egotistical man who would endeavor to conquer Mobius and destroy Sonic, failing spectacularly each time.
In 1993, two cartoon adaptations of the games aired concurrently with each other: Sonic the Hedgehog (often referred to as Sonic SatAM), a generally serious and story-driven show that aired on ABC, and Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog, a more lighthearted and gag-driven show that aired in syndication. The latter's debut was promoted with a contest that same year, with the grand prize being a $1,000 video game shopping spree. Chris was one of the two winners of the shopping spree and was featured in a news story about the contest, one of the biggest moments (if not the biggest moment) in his early life, spreading its influence far and wide, from his decisions to enter other contests, to the eventual creation of Sonichu. Chris's loyalty was so strong that he was visibly upset when told by middle school bullies that Sonic was dead.[5]
During the late '90s, Chris's obsession with Sonic waned as he became more interested in other franchises, particularly Pokémon. However, it came back with a vengeance in February 2000, when he received a Sega Dreamcast along with a copy of Sonic Adventure for his 18th birthday. Chris created Sonichu less than a month later, and has remained hooked on the series ever since.
Chris has shown relatively little attention to the title character of Sonic's rival franchise Super Mario, which is curious considering his militant hatred for the HEXbox in favor of the PlayStation; however, Chris does own a few Mario games in his video game collection. It is also known that Chris owns Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped, Crash being another rival of Sonic's.
In a video released in July 2016, Chris indirectly (and somewhat, though not 100%, incorrectly) acknowledges that the later Sonic the Hedgehog games are poorly received; however, he hilariously doesn't grasp the concept, insisting that his original creation could "pull Sonic out of the ground."
Notable multimedia
Comics
More likely than not a bigger inspiration than the games series itself.
Sonic comics are almost as numerous as the games themselves, pumped out at a whim for a buck; they even made series specific for each region of the world.
The one Chris is familiar with is the one published by Archie Comics, published in, obviously, America.
Chris has hinted at and mentioned that he is familiar with this comic series, and the layout of his comics tends to replicate the style of early Archie Sonic covers. Reldnahc's calling Chris "Prime-Chan" in the comic may be a reference to the character Scourge the Hedgehog, an evil version of Sonic from another dimension; Sonic is referred to as "Sonic Prime" when dealing with inter-dimensional storylines. Chris has also been known to trace images from an early special of the comic, "Super Sonic vs. Hyper Knuckles", for the basis of some of his fight scenes, and one of the early shorts, entitled "Sonichu 25 Years Later," takes its name from a 2004 arc called "Mobius 25 Years Later." Whether he still reads the comics now or not is unknown. He has stated that he would like Sonichu to be published by Archie Comics.[6][7] If Chris still reads it, it will probably be a source of plagiarism and mass debating for years to come.
Starting in April 2010, Sony began releasing the Archie Sonic comics for download via the Playstation Network.[8] The likelihood that Chris has purchased them? Close to 100%.
Sonic X
Sonic X, an anime based on the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series, premiered in 2003 in Japan and later in America. Chris would later steal the Japanese theme song, Sonic Drive, for his song Sonichu Zip on the Christian and the Hedgehog Boys album. In 2005, he watched the show's final episode, and he reviewed it for his Sonichu's News Dash newsletter.[9] In 2008, he sold two of his action figures from the series—Knuckles and Tails.
Sonic Boom
Main article: Sonic Boom Protests
In June 2014, Chris announced he was boycotting the TV and video game series Sonic Boom because of the fact that they changed the color of Sonic's arms from a flesh color to blue. Chris claims that this "U-turn" in design has caused him to "literally lose a bunch of sleep and peace of mind."[10] This was later enforced in October when he posted two photos of himself holding up a Sonic doll with a grim face. Note that Sonic Boom is not considered canon and the color change is probably not permanent. Furthermore, the fact that Chris focuses exclusively on Sonic's blue arms instead of any of the other changes made to the character designs raises a lot of questions. It is also worth mentioning that even Chris's white knights, including William Elliott Waterman, criticised him for overreacting instead of defending him. The discouragement evidently only fanned the flames, however; Chris's anger towards the game only worsened and ended up getting him in deep trouble (see below).
On 17 November 2014, in a post to the Facebook group Keep Sonic Original, Chris revealed that his tard rage extended to getting into a dispute with several "Blue Arm Promoters" (The "security" janekop and the manajerk) at the Charlottesville Target). The focus of Chris's debate was the "Sensory Overloading of the Blue Arms" and how the Target store should NOT stock games based on popular demand, but instead based on Chris's whims and requests. Although Chris claims that the discussion ended peacefully he still went on to encourage the people of Keep Sonic Original to help their noble cause by harassing the two janekops involved into sending the Sonic Boom stock back to the manufacturers, as if mall security had any influence over that.
Chris's rage fulminated when, on 26 December 2014, he went to his local GameStop (which he was banned from) to vandalise Sonic Boom store merchandise, maced a bystanding employee on his way out, and got arrested for breaking 3 laws in a single day.
Sonic CD
Sonic CD, a 1993 video game featuring a time travel mechanic, was released on September 23, 1993, for the Sega CD. It is Chris's favorite video game of all time, as of 14 March 2025.[11] Amy Rose and Metal Sonic made their first appearance in Sonic CD; Chris would steal them to create Rosechu and Metal Sonichu. Chris also gives Sonic Mania credit for "taking inspiration" from Sonic CD.
Sonic Forces
Main article: Sonic Forces
Sonic Forces, a 2017 video game featuring customizable Sonic characters, was released on November 7, 2017, for PS4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. Chris purchased multiple copies of the game but was disappointed by the limited customization options, which prevented him from creating a proper Sonichu avatar, leading him to request fan mods to play as Sonichu in the game.
Film
Main article: Sonic the Hedgehog (film)
The Sonic the Hedgehog movie, originally set for release in November 2019 but delayed to February 2020, faced heavy backlash for Sonic's initial design, leading to a redesign that improved the fan reception. Despite his initial complaints over the blue arms and character choices, Chris ultimately enjoyed the film, praising its story and character development.
Sonic World fan game
Main article: Sonic World
Chris became interested in the fan game Sonic World, which allows modded characters, in October 2020 and used a fanmade mod of Sonichu, recording soundbites for the character as well as for Magi-Chan, Rosechu, and Chris Chan Sonichu.
Sonic X Shadow Generations
Main article: Sonic X Shadow Generations
Sonic X Shadow Generations, a 2024 remaster of the original Sonic Generations released in 2011 with a side story focusing on the Character Shadow the Hedgehog, was released on 25 October 2024, for PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Chris played the game on 23 November 2024 on a livestream.
Sonic '06
Sonic '06 released in 2006, and is infamously considered the worst Sonic game. Chris says he preordered the game before he even bought the PS3 in 2006 (claiming to have gotten his PS3 "a week or two later"[12]). He has also mentioned playing the Xbox 360 version. On 14 March 2025, Chris booted up his PS3 to play the game on a livestream, trying to "speed run" it.[13] However, Chris did not even finish Sonic's Story after almost three hours, and still did not complete it in a second stream that also lasted 3 hours on 29 March 2025. Notably, a part of Chaos Crystal Control involves time traveling back to 2006, for whatever reason.
Sonic Racing: Crossworlds
Sonic Racing: Crossworlds is a 2025 kart racing video game spinoff. It features a variety of characters and is one of the most popular video game releases from 2025. Chris participated in the four day open network test demo before its release.[14][15] He became an active player after its release, and has a car in the video game which he designed to look like Sonichu, and another car designed to look like the post 2018 version of Son-Chu.[16]
References to Chris
Sega Acknowledges Sonichu
On 13 January 2012, a Sega of America employee jokingly called a Super Sonic plush toy "Sonichu" in a "Free Stuff Friday" video. Jump to 3:50 in the linked video.
SEGA's Free Stuff Friday - January 13, 2012
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Chris saw the video and commented.[17] He then filed it under a YouTube playlist titled "Trolling Stupid."
I do not find that commentary funny at all. In fact, I feel pissed off to be ridiculed soo lightly.
Sonic mentions Sonichu on Twitter
On 10 July 2015, the official Sonic the Hedgehog Twitter account joked about Sonichu and blarms.[18]
A fan asked:
Will I be able to play as Sonichu in Sonic Boom: Fire and Ice?
Sonic replied:
Maybe, but only if we give Sonichu blue arms, three scarves, and ultimately just redesign him as Big the Cat.
A troll tried to notify Chris that Sonic was mocking him, but he believed it to be fake:[19]
That Is Fake, you dumb Flake.
Chris should have known it is not a fake, since he follows the account on Twitter.
Two later tweets also made minor mentions of Sonichu.
The first was on 9 March 2016, in which Dr. Eggman attempts to cancel getting "Big the Cat facts" on his phone by texting his favorite Sonic character, but is told that his favorite Sonic character is Sonichu.[20]
The second was on 29 April 2016, where "Sonichu" is one possible name on a "What's Your Sonic Name" chart making fun of the "original characters" in the Sonic fandom.[21]
Sonic Boom pickle joke
In "Double Doomsday", episode 7 of Sonic Boom, Sonic orders a hamburger with no pickles and instead is served with extra pickles.
In Chris's FIX SONIC'S ARMS IMMEDIATELY, SEGA!!! Facebook group, he posted about the pickle joke and took a "neutral" stance on it.
10 December 2014
I know well I said not to talk about the show much, or post any spoilers. This time, though, I am willing to make this exception.
I have heard that in the show, Sonic ordered a sandwich with no pickles, but is served the sandwich with extra pickles. I feel neutral/indifferent about the joke. But my friend read a bit into it as a possible reference to myself, as well as a possible middle finger gesture to me from SEGA. Being Serious and Sincere, no sarcasm or jokes: what do y'all think/feel from this lame pickled vegetable joke? Answer in the comments of this post.
Sonic Boom parody
Episode 57 of the Sonic Boom animated series, titled "The Biggest Fan", parodies the Sonic fanbase. Several references, whether intentionally or coincidentally, match with Classic Chris;
The fan in question, Mark the Tapir, is an overweight nerd with large glasses, short greasy hair with a spiked fringe and a big circular Sonic patch on a button-up collar shirt.
Mark the Tapir has an awkward lack of social awareness, similar to Chris's autism, and is especially reminiscent of his clingy, stalker-ish behaviour around Megan and Catherine.
At the 2:43 mark, Mark orders orange soda.
At the 5:15 mark, there is a reference to blue arms, complete with matching fanart.
Mark attempting vehicular manslaughter on Sonic, like Chris did with Michael Snyder.
Mark lives in a dilapidated shack.
"Collectible plates" are mentioned, possibly made out of Crayola fucking Model Magic.
Sonic has a Tails hat placed on him at one point, making him look like he has big yellow ears.
Mark is shown to be into writing awkwardly worded NSFW fan fiction of Sonic, with Sonic picking one out and sarcastically mentioning "SonAmy! Ooh, spicy!".
The episode aired on 10 December 2016. Three days later, Chris viewed the episode and saw "No resemblance" to himself in Mark:[22]
Also, after hearing of Sonic Boom's "The Biggest Fan" episode, I found and watched it. Despite the segment on the arm colour in the portrait and the common fat, glasses, and hair on Mark the Tapir, and there was no mention or hidden cameo of Sonichu anywhere in the episode; I personally see No resemblance of myself in the Mark character. Especially in how far he took it to keep being able to be near Sonic; I am not mental or crazy like that at all.
The episode's writers, Doug Liebilch and Bill Freiberger, responded to questions on Twitter about the episode. Liebilch said that "He's not based on anyone specific. Just an obsessive fan character." Freiberger also denied that Mark was based on Chris, and unlike Liebilch, he knows who Chris is, saying "Mark is 100% NOT based on CWC.
He is a general fan type. We've done many blue arm jokes in the series. Not a clue."
Sonic Boom writer jokes about Sonichu
On 10 January 2018, Alan Denton, a writer for Sonic Boom, joked about Sonichu on Twitter.
I love when people are inspired enough by something to write their own fan fiction. Totally support that. But (and I can't believe I have to say this...), if you then insist to the creators that your made-up story become canon, you've gone too far.[23]
(Whispers silently to my folder of Sonichu fanfic: "But not you. You'll all be canon one day...")[24]
Denton was a writer on the Double Doomsday and story editor on The Biggest Fan episodes of the show.
IGN Movie Quiz
On 7 February 2020, IGN uploaded a video in which James Marsden, the actor playing Tom Wachowski in the Sonic the Hedgehog movie, is quizzed on his knowledge on Sonic trivias - one question being if Sonichu is an unlockable character in Sonic Forces[25]. Marsden replies, "What is a Sonichu?"
Role in the comics
Sonic first appears in Sonichu #0 as Super Sonic battling the Perfect Chaos Monster in Station Square. Whilst battling him, a Pikachu comes to fight Perfect Chaos and is tackled by Sonic. The power of the Chaos Emeralds mutates said Pikachu into Sonichu, who then defeats Perfect Chaos.
In the following issue, he crashes into Sonichu again. After recognizing each other, they team up in order to rescue Rosechu from the clutches of Black Sonichu. This would later be retconned into Sonic having been Silvana in disguise.
Other than being the catalyst for the creation of Sonichu and teaming up with him in the second issue, Sonic serves no other purpose. He disappears after issue #1, never mentioned again until Sonichu #11, where Robbie sickeningly refers to him as "Uncle Sonic."
Sonic returns in the "Clip Show" episodes of Sonichu #11 and Sonichu #12, where Sonichu and he discuss the past. He is shocked by the new Comic Chris, now a tomgirl.
Tails's lack of a role in the comics
Tails in a deleted scene from Sonic Rebuilt.
Miles "Tails" Prower is Sonic's sidekick, and has been in the franchise since Sonic the Hedgehog II was released in 1992 for the Sega Genesis. He has been featured in almost every form of Sonic-related media such as cartoons, anime and comic books. As such, many have been perplexed on why neither he nor an idiot ripoff (likely named "Prowerlo Sonichu") has had a role in Sonichu. An orange character who's probably meant to be Tails can be seen in the background of a scrapbook drawing of Sonic and Sonichu, and he is also briefly featured in a fancomic PandaHalo made and Chris added to Sonichu #10, but other than that neither Tails nor a recolor of him appear in the Sonichu universe.
A custom Lego version of Tails.
Chris has refused to include Tails in his comics, despite ripping off Knuckles and Shadow and featuring an Autobot named "Prower." Chris said that "I just did not feel need for a Tails-like Character in the stories. I disagree with all the rumors against Tails; if you read the Sonic the Hedgehog Comic Book Series from Archie Comics, Tails gets a Girlfriend."[26] He later claims that he "did not feel it appropriate for Tails to be in my comic."[27] Despite this, Chris did create two Tails-like Pokémon named Evails and Supreon (an evolution of the former), though they only appeared on the Wall of Originals. Tails also gets a mention in "Sonichu & Rosechu… The Genesis of the Lovehogs", a Sonichu short story which predates the comics.
Wild might be the closest a Sonichu character has ever come to ripping off Tails. While they're nothing alike in their looks or personalities (or lack thereof, in the case of the former), Wild does state in Sonichu #3 that he can use his tail as a propeller, an ability also shared by Tails.
Tails in the homemade Nintendo Power magazine
Chris drew a panel of Tails for the fan animation Sonic Rebuilt he collaborated on. In it, Tails meets Sonichu, and asks, "What's a Sonikku?!" The particular scene went unused in the final cut which was released March 2020, although Chris posted the panel on his Twitter that month.[28]
Tailsko (genderbent version of Tails) in Chaos Crystal Control
As of October 2020, Chris believes that a genderbent version of Tails, a fanmade character named Tailsko, exists in a genderbent dimension.[29]
On Christmas Day 2020, while trying to prod Kyle into uncovering the frequency needed to activate the Dimensional Merge, Chris informed him that Tails was attempting to communicate, and asked Kyle if he was seeing or hearing Tails. Kyle declined to be pulled into the role-play.[30]
In the Chaos Crystal Control comic which was partially released October 2023, Chris included Tailsko (misspelled as "Tailsuko") in a group shot of alt-dimension Sonichus and Magi-Chans. However, Chris had initially forgotten to draw Tailsko at all, so awkwardly drew her standing adjacent to the group.
Amy Rose
Amy Rose is a Sonic character created in 1993, making her first appearance in the game Sonic CD. She serves as the self-proclaimed love interest of Sonic the Hedgehog. In fleshing out the world of Sonichu, Chris quickly ripped off the character to serve as Sonichu's girlfriend, Rosechu.
Yep, definitely different.
While Chris at least made an effort to disguise Sonichu's source material by re-colouring him, Rosechu is nearly indistinguishable from Amy Rose. Like Amy Rose, Rosechu has green eyes and pink fur, with the spines on her head arranged to resemble a bob haircut. Both wear red boots and dresses, with Rosechu's having a blue trim in a slightly different pattern to Amy's white trim. Visually, the only obvious distinction between the two is the Raichu tail Rosechu has, and the spines on the center of Amy's forehead, which Rosechu lacks. It should be noted, however, that when Chris draws Amy, he fails to draw the forehead spines properly, resulting in an even closer resemblance.
“
MAJOR Differences between Amy and Rosie; Amy never had spikes on her back, the clothes are Different; Rosie’s Headband is White, not Red, and Rosechu has a modern girl kinda attitude, and lucky for her, Sonichu RARELY runs away from her charms. And, of course, she has her Electric-Type Attacks to boot.
”
Christian Weston Chandler, damning himself with faint praise.
Even Chris is bored with this sexist gabfest.
As Chris points out, the only real difference between Amy and Rosechu in terms of characterization is that while Amy's crush on Sonic is unreciprocated, Sonichu has been sucking face with Rosechu since the day they met. Obviously, this hardly marks a difference in their personality. If anything, it says more about the differences between Sonic and Sonichu, since they respond differently to affection. Since she's already made her romantic conquest, Rosechu is free to pursue the life of a "modern girl", which apparently means raping people's faces and producing terrifying amateur pornography.
Sheesh, they even think the same words.
As an epilogue to the Sonichu/Sonic team-up in Sonichu #1, Rosechu happens to meet Amy in CWCville Mall. With no hint of irony, the two remark upon how similar they are, and engage in a vapid conversation about shopping and relationships.
Shadow the Hedgehog
One of the few times Chris has drawn him.
Introduced in 2001's Sonic Adventure 2, Shadow the Hedgehog is an anti-hero version of Sonic the Hedgehog. As he quickly became a fan favorite among the Sonic family of characters and the trolls, it was only a matter of time before Chris decided to "create" another Electric Hedgehog Pokémon.
Unlike Rosechu, who is virtually identical to Amy, Black Sonichu (later retconned to Blake) only resembles Shadow in his color scheme and tenuous allegiance to the forces of evil. While Shadow is primarily motivated by his desire to learn about his mysterious past, Black Sonichu was informed of every aspect of his creation by Naitsirhc. Most notably, while Shadow is intended to be a dark and edgy character, Black Sonichu is basically just a punk, committing blatant mischief for very transparent motives.
While this might seem to make Black Sonichu halfway original, it really only means that he's a poor copy of Sonichu instead of a slightly less poor copy of Shadow. Blake's only real claim to individuality was that he acted like an asshole; since falling for Bubbles in Sonichu #7, he doesn't even have that going for him.
Shadow makes one appearance in the Sonichu canon when he shows up as a drummer for Christian and the Hedgehog Boys, but is later replaced by Punchy Sonichu. A Shadow doll was also held by Chris in DivineTrial, substituting for Clyde Cash. The same Shadow doll is in the background in For Julie's Eyes Only. Chris claims that Shadow is currently living in C-197.
Other character mentions
Sally Acorn
The subject of many Lowcows obsession.
Sally Acorn is a red-haired, brown-furred chipmunk who appears as a major character in the Sonic the Hedgehog animated series that originally aired from 1993 to 1994 and later in the Archie Comics series, where she is depicted as both Sonic’s closest friend and his love interest. On February 2021, Chris shared that he had a wet dream involving Sally, in which he "almost had sex" with the character. Upon waking, he reported experiencing a strong sense of sexual frustration and repression stemming from the dream.[31]
Christopher Thorndyke
Christopher Thorndyke, a twelve-year-old boy, is the main human protagonist in the Sonic X anime. In an April 2021 conversation with MKRNightVee, Chris shared that he once had a wet dream in which he encountered an adult version of Thorndyke. He described this older version of Thorndyke as "handsome". Later in the dream, Thorndyke was given the choice between having sex with Chris as a human or as a Sonichu. Chris woke up before any sex could occur.[32]
Plagiarism
To put it bluntly, Sonichu is copyright infringement. and is clearly derivative of not just Sonic the Hedgehog but other franchises such as Pokémon, Yu-Gi-Oh! and My Little Pony. Chris tries his best to work around this fact by claiming that Sonichu is a parody, but Chris clearly does not understand what the word means, as Sonichu does not derive humor or provide any satirical commentary on any of the original franchises.
Gallery
Sonic with his 90's counterpart.
Chris drew this in between ages 8 and 28. Notice the blue-colored arms.
He's a street-smart cop with twenty years on the force! He's a rookie straight out of academy! Together, they fight crime!
Because we all like to see our favorite heroes crossover one day! Oh, wait!
Sonic looking an awful lot like Chris.
...I thought the answer was "Aim for the sourdough region"?
Yep, that most certainly taught him.
0-0 Geekologie Reader does not approve of Chris's artwork.
Sonic the Blowfish.
Chris makes his own unlicensed Sonic merchandise.
Hello, lawsuit.
Chris was so excited, he produced DIRTY, CRAPPED BRIEFS.
Chris still has this doll and it has seen horrible things.
Systematic murder of Sonic's iterations.
See also
Doctor Robotnik
Chris and copyright
References
↑ Jackie E-mails 20
↑ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPv7MqvrDK0&feature=player_embedded#!
↑ Sonic the Hedgehog wasn't released until June 1991 – see here. Interestingly, this is also a question on Chris's Sonic the Hedgehog MyBuzz quiz which Chris assigns the right answer of June 1991.
↑ CWCipedia article on Sonichu
↑ Jackie Chat #9
↑ IRC (22 December 2008)
↑ Mumble Chat #6
↑ PlayStation Comics Store Update
↑ Sonichu's News Dash#Chris says goodbye to Sonic X
↑ Keep Sonic Original#Sensory overload
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Run
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Playthrough
↑ Jesus Christ Chan - Sonic 2006 Speed Run
↑ August 2025 social media posts#Sonic Racing: Crossworlds beta demo bug
↑ September 2025 social media posts#Hey. impostor.
↑ November 2025 social media posts#Sonic Racing: Crossworlds realization
↑ List of Chris's comments on YouTube#SEGA's Free Stuff Friday-January 13, 2012
↑ https://twitter.com/sonic_hedgehog/status/608718532529037312
↑ File:Cwc dumb flake - credit to Pickle Inspector.png
↑ https://twitter.com/sonic_hedgehog/status/707622466391117824
↑ https://twitter.com/sonic_hedgehog/status/726090715885756416
↑ December 2016 Facebook posts#Sonic Boom parody
↑ https://twitter.com/AlanTheWriter/status/951193526917738496
↑ https://twitter.com/AlanTheWriter/status/951193919483666432
↑ Chris in the media#IGN
↑ Mailbag #21
↑ Mailbag #38
↑ March 2020 social media posts#Sonic Rebuilt
↑ The Place chats (October 2020)#Genderbent Dimension
↑ The Place chats (December 2020)#Christmas and Merge Talk
↑ File:ThePlace1stLayer 02Feb21 - almost sex dream.png
↑ MKR DMs#Chris Thorndyke sex dream
External links
Sonic the Hedgehog on Wikipedia
v • d • e
Christian and the Hedgehog Boys
Members
Christian Weston Chandler • Sonichu • Black Sonichu • Sonic the Hedgehog • Shadow the Hedgehog • Wild Sonichu • Punchy Sonichu • Layla Flaaffy
Christian & the Hedgehog Boys
"So Need a Cute Girl" 🎶 "Sonichu Zip" 🎶 "A-U-T-I-S-M" 🎶 "BFF's (Best Friends Forever)" 🎶 "La Cocina en La Casa de Casanova" 🎶 "Yellow Is a Mellow Color" 🎶 "Feel So Lonesome" 🎶 "Christian and the Hedgehog Boys Theme"
COMEBACK!
"(Clyde's) Trollsta's Paradise" 🎶 "CWC Like a Virgin" 🎶 "Feel Our Love At Play" 🎶 "I Gotta Make My Move" 🎶 "I'll Never Leave You, Ivy" 🎶 "Lovin' You" 🎶 "Paradise By The Seashore Light (Crass and Champ's Thang Undersea)" 🎶 "Punchy and Layla's Dance In The Dark" 🎶 "I'm Sexy For My Ivy"
Single
"Revive Zordon"
Related
Trollsta's Paradise: A True and Honest Tribute to Christian & The Hedgehog Boys • Robee Sonee and the Tomgirls
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonic_the_Hedgehog&oldid=354500#Sonic_'06"