Title: Sonichu Forum
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sonichu_Forum
Categories: Articles needing original illustrations, Historical Documents, Trolling, Defunct websites
================================================================================

Sonichu Forum was a short lived Sonichu fan forum that once resided at http://sonichuforums.proboards.com. It gave Chris the opportunity to make a few posts to a critical fanbase.
Chris was directed there by a forum member, and he took the opportunity to answer some questions and hopefully get his e-pickle stroked. Curiously, the username he chose was the unusually discreet "sonichufan", suggesting that he may have planned on going incognito, although he immediately introduced himself in his first post. His participation lasted from 28 to 31 January 2010.
Contents
1 Posts
1.1 28 January 2010, 9:51 p.m.
1.2 28 January 2010, 9:54 p.m.
1.3 Proving to the trolls that he's not a troll
1.4 Chris only takes credit for certain horrible drawings
1.5 30 January 2010, 1:02 p.m.
1.6 31 January 2010, 3:15 a.m.
1.7 31 January 2010, 5:07 p.m.
1.8 Sure it was, Chris
1.9 26 January 2010, 8:48 a.m.
1.10 31 January 2010, 5:17 p.m.
1.11 Chris gives an accurate look into the mind of a terrorist
1.12 It has nothing to do with laziness at all
1.13 I assure you, it really was me being an asshole
1.14 Chris had to create a fictional world to show how straight he is
1.15 Chris is literally a filthy liar
1.16 There was zero risk of serious injury
1.17 This poster's name sounds familiar
1.18 News Flash: Chris is still single IRL
2 Sources
Posts
28 January 2010, 9:51 p.m.
Topic: C.C. Sonichu says (in response to topic: CWCipedia Ads):
Jan 28, 2010, 9:51pm
Hey, everyone. I was recently informed about this forum site by, well, another one of my fans. :)
Personally, I wish I did have control over the Ads displayed on my Cwcipedia, but even the Google Ads Service behind it is all new to me; baffling. If I was a hacking expert, and I am not, I would go into Mao's Account (the mastermind manager of Alec, Evan and Sean on the Asperpedia) and just reformat it to be my own with no one else being able to seize it from my hands and just remove those oversized crapfest of ads he set up to torture me.
It really bothers me how I can't even log in without having to scroll down; I wish I could HIDE them from view, but even my friendly SysOp could not perform that coded task.
Anyway, I still am drawing my two pages daily, and I will sometimes have off days where I don't go to my computer, but I do promise the full number of pages for each day when I upload them in a bunch.
I appreciate your loyalty very much, and I pray for y'alls safety and being along with my friends and family.
Keep a happy thought,
Christian W. Chandler.
28 January 2010, 9:54 p.m.
Topic: C.C. Sonichu says:
Jan 28, 2010, 9:54pm
Hey, everyone, this is Christian C. typin' live and well. I was just informed about your forum site, and I appreciate your maintaining and such to offer continuous kind-hearted comments and criticisms.
I wish ALL of my Mailbag letters were as easy to read and pleasant as every individual post on this Forum.
I still am drawing my two pages daily, and I will sometimes have off days where I don't go to my computer, but I do promise the full number of pages for each day when I upload them in a bunch.
I appreciate your loyalty very much, and I pray for y'alls safety and being along with my friends and family.
Keep a happy thought,
Christian W. Chandler.
Proving to the trolls that he's not a troll
Topic: C.C. Sonichu says:
I see I need to prove myself. That's not a problem; watch the Cwcipedia's Mailbag(s) tomorrow; you may see a few NEW Selected Letters there.
Stay Safe and Peace,
Christian C.
Chris only takes credit for certain horrible drawings
Chris actually didn't draw this.
Topic: Re: OMG did you see the CWCIpedia today????
That image, I did NOT draw that; that was either Mao or someone in that group, and they copied/pasted my signature from one of my past images/covers.
Christian C.
30 January 2010, 1:02 p.m.
Topic: CWCipedia Ads
Jan 30, 2010, 1:02pm, Lady Bernkastel wrote:
But Chris, wouldn't hacking into Mao's account be just as bad as when the trolls hacked into your account? I thought you hated trolls. Also, don't ads, as bad as they might be, generate money for the person who put them up? Mao needs to make money like anyone else, and if you took away his source of income, what if he couldn't pay his bills or lost his home because of you? That would be terrible!
31 January 2010, 3:15 a.m.
Jan 31, 2010, 3:18am, angelina wrote:
I agree.
Chris aren't they paying from their own pockets to keep your site up? Without it you wouldn't have it.
And hasn't it been unhacked for a really long time?
Isn't it good that you have a site with such security to stop the trolls getting in and tearing the whole thing down?
I thought you were earning a lot of money now from your awesome comics, why not just buy it off him to get the ad space for yourself?
31 January 2010, 5:07 p.m.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:07pm
Well, I do not have 2000 Euros OR UK Citizenship, so that makes it that much harder for me to buy Mao out.
Sure it was, Chris
Topic: Re: Things you don't like about the comics:
Jan 25, 2010, 8:00pm, mrfantastic wrote:
I didn't like how Chris punched the little child in front of Meg Griffin.
I couldn't believe it! Chris hit a child!
I was honestly taken back, and stopped reading for a few days.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:10pm
That was NOT a child; he was an adult employee of 4-Cent Garbage.
It should be noted that Chris punched this individual after toppling his workplace, murdering and maiming many of his friends and coworkers.
26 January 2010, 8:48 a.m.
Topic: Re: Things you don't like about the comics:
Jan 26, 2010, 8:48am, KatechuIsDisappointed wrote:
Hi everyone!
So like I read Sonichu a lot because I like action and all that, but what infuriates me is how Chris portraits women. It's beyond ridiculous really. Girls only do boring stuff like faint or shop. And everyone likes Chris and Sonichu which is just silly. And I mean, Chris isn't exactly a catch in real life if you guys know what I mean, lol. He's so unfit and naive. The comic would be so much better w/o Chris in it and if women were treated as cool characters. Rosechu could easily kick ass! Down with all the rape and gross stuff in Sonichu!
Another thing that bugs me is how the comic is drawn. Like shadows and stuff are really weird and in wrong places... And there are no good backgrounds. maybe he should hire someone to make the backgrounds like in other comics? It all looks kinda bad, actually. It's too bad!
31 January 2010, 5:17 p.m.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:17pm
In your own words, please tell me, and don't leave any detail out, WHY DO YOU NOT SEE ME AS A CATCH IN REAL LIFE? You have never met me in real life, so why would you make such an unbiased accusation like that?
Chris obviously doesn't known what "unbiased" means.
Chris gives an accurate look into the mind of a terrorist
Topic: Re: Things you don't like about the comics
Jan 26, 2010, 1:47pm, jackthwagger wrote:
He doethen't theem to like America, dethpite thaying he'th a patriot. He commitths terroritht athts like poithoning water thupplieth and blowing up offith towerth. That does not thit well with an All-American American like me, Jack Thwagger!
Jan 31, 2010, 5:19pm
In respone to your comment, I feel I am sometimes mentally retarded.
It has nothing to do with laziness at all
Topic: Re: Things you don't like about the comics
Jan 30, 2010, 6:46pm, Guinea Pig wrote:
Me too. They're not nearly as interesting as artwork! I wish Sonichu had more artwork, then it'd be cooler!
Jan 31, 2010, 1:46am, Politails wrote:
I wouldn't mind if he did text-only panels to describe boring parts (it means we'd get story progress and more pages sooner), but Ivy was an important part of the comic and Chris's life. He should have done something a little more tasteful/substantial for her exit. Just leaving her being strangled to death to the reader's imagination is brutal.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:22pm
Ivy was a real woman; she died in suicide; I could not go on drawing her alive when she really was dead.
I assure you, it really was me being an asshole
Topic: Re: OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!! DID YOU SEE THE MAILBAG TODAY?
Jan 31, 2010, 11:42am, KatechuIsDisappointed wrote:
How do u guys know he didnt just get hacked again? The mailbag answers look pretty hostile, maybe someone else has control of his site?
Still, pretty cool for our forum members to be featured on the real site, lots of people will see it.
[1]
Jan 31, 2010, 5:26pm
No hackery; it is all real. And I did answer the other mailbags last night.
Chris had to create a fictional world to show how straight he is
Topic: The Homosexuality Cure
Jan 31, 2010, 5:34pm
As a neutral response to what I have read so far in the earlier posts, MOSTLY, I was further trying to clear ALL the dang rumors that have flown around mislabeling me as a Homosexual. !:( I am Straight; why can't every last one of those people accept that and move on? Also, WHY can't everyone accept Fce Value of the Raichu that transformed into Rosechu was Female? It stated clearly above the panel on page 0 - 3, "GIRL RAICHU". Plus I was without previous knowledge of that Tail Difference when I drew that page originally.
Christian C.
Chris is literally a filthy liar
Topic: MORE Rumors about Christian C. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jan 30, 2010, 6:55pm, carissamae wrote:
I have heard some wild rumors about Christian C.'s behaviors! I would rather be a fan of Sonichu than that Asperpedia, but these rumors make me worried!
1. I heard he poos himself every time he gets upset!
2. I heard he never plans to get a job or move out of his house, ever! (Even those Asperpedia guys all have jobs, and I heard that Mao is rich because he made two inventions that made him lots of money.)
3. I heard he only likes white people! I am afraid he will make Mao upset by calling Mao a Chinaman or a damn yellow Chinee. That would offend Mao.
4. I heard he had such terrible behavior he was told to never go to his college again! I heard he scared a nice lady who works at the college because he was so rude. I know that Evan C.G. and Sean A.W. would never do that.
5. I heard he tries to never do chores and tries to make his poor old parents do all his work!
6. I heard he has really disgusting mold all over his room and bathroom, the kind that would give a lady a yeast infection in her Erect Vagina.
Are these rumors true? I would rather be a Sonichu fan but I am so worried these terrible rumors are true.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:54pm
Let me settle these rumors.
1. I heard he poos himself every time he gets upset!
This is false.
2. I heard he never plans to get a job or move out of his house, ever!
I have and am working on getting a job, and I would like to move out if I could. No one wants to hire me, and with the current property and apartment rates these days, write your own punchline.
3. I heard he only likes white people! I am afraid he will make Mao upset by calling Mao a Chinaman or a damn yellow Chinee. That would offend Mao.
This also is false; I like all people, regardless of race or color. The only exceptions are those who really tick me off or really hate me to a point of mocking, tormenting or physically or emotionally hurting me very harshly.
4. I heard he had such terrible behavior he was told to never go to his college again! I heard he scared a nice lady who works at the college because he was so rude. I know that Evan C.G. and Sean A.W. would never do that.
This is only half- true. I was able to go back to college and finish after taking Anger Management ad seeing a psychiatrist. The "employee" at the college was none other than the REAL Mary Lee Walsh who really interrupted my Sweetheart Search in the early days, and Shattered My Heart by tearing up my original sign right in front of me. I apologozed to Mary a few months ago with an apology drawing, framed, in person, but that bitch served me with a Trespassing Notice. Some "thank you".
5. I heard he tries to never do chores and tries to make his poor old parents do all his work!
This is false; I do a lot of chores around the house.
6. I heard he has really disgusting mold all over his room and bathroom.
This is false.
There was zero risk of serious injury
Topic: Have you all seen this?
Jan 30, 2010, 5:03pm, lucywatson wrote:
This has got to be the most fake apology I have ever seen. :( I don't know how he can think that after apologizing to someone, it's ok to make rude demands. I don't like Asperchu either, but the way that he made that apology was totally rude and mean!
I don't understand what is going on. What happened to the sweet and nice Chris that we all know and love? What happened to the innocence? This new Chris is a cruel mockery of the Chris that got us to be fans of his comic, and it makes me sad to see this. I just don't know what to think or do.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:57pm
That is a True Apology; my friend had told me the truth of how my past words against Alec and his crew were making me look like a troll. I banged my head against a wall in realization and embarassment right before I started that video.
Christian C.
This poster's name sounds familiar
Topic: The Homosexuality Cure
Jan 31, 2010, 5:36pm, sonichuizcool wrote:
Chris, as a huge pokémon fan who's caught 'em all in every game, I'd like to point out that the tail difference wasn't around 'til generation 4, any real fan should know that much.
Jan 31, 2010, 5:59pm
Generation 4; Diamond/Pearl/Platinum. This person Gets It. Thank You.
News Flash: Chris is still single IRL
Topic: I'm really sad...
Jan 29, 2010, 5:24pm, valentina wrote:
It's been a very rough week and Chris hasn't updated the comic in days. The last update wasn't even that good, it was really confusing and I didn't know what was going on. I really wanted Chris to update because my week was so shitty I was looking forward to curling in bed with my laptop and reading Sonichu non-stop, but I guess there's no sense since there's nothing new :'(.
Why is he not updating? I hate his new girlfriend. She is distracting him from the more important things in life, SONICHU and continuing to create that wonderful, magical universe that we all love so much. If she was a TRUE LOVING GIRLFRIEND she would understand that Sonichu is his mission in life and support him and help him write and draw more pages.
Jan 31, 2010, 6:03pm
Firstly, if you were referring to Lovely Weather, She is NOT a Real Woman, and I am still without a girlfriend in eal life. I felt like giving my comic self a woman of his own.
Jan 31, 2010, 6:28pm, blakesgurl wrote:
Oh, I thought you said you found someone in your Young Adults group, I'm sorry it didn't work out :-[
Question: Does Lovely Weather have the power to transform into a Rosechu? Will she get a medallion?
Jan 31, 2010, 6:52pm
How did you hear about that night?
No, she does not.
[A missing post explains that Chris told everyone about finding someone in the group.]
Jan 31, 2010, 7:49pm
I forgot I typed that in, so I stand corrected. Four Words about that; Premature Friend Zone Placement. I feel crestfallen.
Sources
↑ Mailbag 50
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonichu_Forum&oldid=348212"