Title: Sonichu Amiibo
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Amiibo
Categories: Articles with dead external links, Pages with fan videos, Relics of Fail, Arts and Crafts, EBay
================================================================================

THAT IS MY LINK!!!
This article contains link(s) which have been cut down by the Internet Lumberjack or which have otherwise crashed into slumber due to stress. Please help the CWCki by replacing or restoring these links.
Chris, proudly holding his new creations.
Amiibo are figurines which, when brought in physical contact with a Nintendo Switch Joy-Con, Wii U GamePad, and 3DS system, will add features or functions to a game. On 6 April 2015, Chris unveiled his own custom Sonichu Amiibo for sale on eBay. He offered 10 for sale for $41 each. They sold out within 2 hours. Another batch of ten appeared on eBay on 3 June 2015 and also sold out within a few days. His attempt the following month to sell a medallion with an Amiibo as a bundle deal did not work out so well, however. Undeterred, he introduced a Blake Amiibo in August. When he moved to Etsy in September, the floodgates opened, as collecting and customizing Amiibo developed into his new favorite hobby. Naturally, Chris is unaware that by customising and selling Amiibo he is violating copyright.
During the mid-2020s, Chris partnered with Praetor to sell Sonichu Amiibo on OfficialCWCmart.
Contents
1 2010s sales
1.1 eBay Description
1.2 Production costs
1.3 Facebook announcements
1.4 Blake Amiibo
1.5 All The Amiibo!
1.5.1 Custom Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.2 Custom Blake Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.3 Custom Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.4 Custom Pre-2011 Christian Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.5 Custom Post 2011 Christine Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.6 Custom Chris Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.7 Custom Magi-Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.8 Custom Punchy Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.9 Custom Angelica Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.10 Custom Wild Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.11 Custom Bubbles Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.12 Custom Slaweel Ryam Amiibo Figure
1.5.13 Custom Count Graduon Amiibo Figure (From Original Creator)
1.5.14 Custom Autism Mii Amiibo Figure
1.5.15 Custom Chris Chan Amiibo Complete Three Piece Set (from Original Creator)
1.5.16 Custom Christine Weston Chandler's Family Amiibo Figure Pack
1.5.17 Custom Jerkop and Janekop Amiibo Figures
1.5.18 Custom Silvana Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.19 Custom Simonla Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.20 Custom Christine Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.21 Custom Cera Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
1.5.22 Custom Robbie Sonichu Amiibo Figure (From Original Creator)
1.5.23 Custom Sonichu and Rosechu Family Amiibo Figure Set (from Original Creator)
1.6 Received Amiibo
2 2020s sales
3 Fan Videos
4 References
2010s sales
eBay Description
The information and photos uploaded to his eBay page revealed that to create his custom Amiibo, he had bought a Sonic the Hedgehog Amiibo, broke the limbs, repositioned them, glued them back on, and repainted them.
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Sonichu Amiibo Figure. Sonichu is posed doing a Thunderpunching Sky Uppercut attack (his Up + B Special, if Sonichu was a playable character in Super Smash Bros.). It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist. These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment.
**Disclaimer: the figure you receive may vary in a small detail or two, compared to the above photograph, but they all have been hand-reconfigured, painted and all that personally.
**The program chip in each base is a Sonic the Hedgehog Amiibo chip. All of these figures are still Unregistered and Virgin New; if you would like for me to level the figures up to the maximum level in Super Smash Bros. (3DS or WiiU), and include the random in-game items and money with them, please inform me under the "Special Instructions" section when checking out. Or send me a message after purchase.
Otherwise, if left uninformed, I will be sending the figure to you Unregistered and Fresh there. I highly recommend going with the Yellow-Shoe alt-colour in-game choice when setting up your figure, to best represent Sonichu in the game(s). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10.
**Also, the Metal Sticker has been removed from the base portion of the package, so the figure can be read while inside its package.
Everyone involved, including ALL Bidders, are bound by eBay's Terms and Regulations as stated therein, link below at bottom of this web page.
Discretion (As stated in the Comic Page image freshly added to the listing with few updates): ALL Sonichu, Rosechu, Cwcville and such material is Copyrighted March, 2000 by Christian Weston Chandler, with Full Paperwork backed up in Washington DC. Any names, persons or characters and such illustrated in the past Original Comic Book Pages, LittleBiGPlanet 1, 2, PSP and Vita Levels under the PSN ID of "Sonichu", and all direct content from the Creator, Christian Weston Chandler, NOT originating from said Creator that may seem similar to anyone past or present, as well as under other respective ownerships, are purely coincidental or otherwise parodic. Ownership of Original characters of Pikachu, Pok'emon and Sonic the Hedgehog are those of Nintendo and SEGA of America respectively, as well as everything Super Smash Bros, respectively. The piece that is being sold on eBay now is an Original artwork created by the original Creator of Sonicu, Rosechu and the city of Cwcville, Christian Weston Chandler, and is solely being sold as an artwork.
Chris also noted, "The figures were mint in package, but then physically remolded, repositioned and strengthened, then put into new packaging, as shown in the photos."
The photos:
Please note that these Amiibo figures cost $30 more than the official ones.
Production costs
It's worth noting that to produce each Sonichu Amiibo, Chris had to buy a Sonic Amiibo to repaint. In addition, rather than simply sculpting Sonichu's tail himself, he opted to cut the tails off of existing Pikachu Amiibo to glue them on. The end result is that each Sonichu Amiibo uses both a Sonic and a Pikachu, doubling the cost of materials to $26 a pop. Between the base Amiibo, CRAYOLA FUCKIN' MODEL MAGIC, acrylic paint, eBay fees, shipping costs, and time and labor invested, it's not unreasonable to assume that Chris is making a minuscule profit, if any. This seems consistent with his general financial history.
He kept the pile of leftover Pikachu bodies, unsure of what to do with them, until someone suggested that he use those parts to make Sonee and Rosey figures[1].
The Blake Amiibo have even higher production costs, because Blake uses a Bowser Amiibo chip rather than the Sonic or Pikachu chips that would normally be built into the figure. Christian at least seems to be aware that using three Amiibo to construct one might be a bad idea, but production continued nonetheless.
Facebook announcements
Chris's new cover photo.
On the same day, Chris posted an announcement on Facebook with a link to his eBay page. He uploaded a new photograph of himself which implied that Rosechu Amiibo were on the way. He also put up a new, relevant Facebook cover photo.
Here's something different and good; a Sonichu Figure! And an Amiibo Figure at that! Personally created and Certified and packaged.
**Unfortunately, due to the lowered listing allowance on my eBay, I am unable to list medallions this month. Please Leave Positive Feedback upon receipt after your individual purchases. Ten Figures are immediately available. Thank you, and have a good day.
**I forgot to mention, the Metal Sticker has been removed, so the figure can be read while still in its package. And Sonichu is posed doing a Thunderpunching Sky Uppercut attack (his Up + B Special, if Sonichu was a playable character in Super Smash Bros.).
The following day he clarified:
My choice of which character goes into the base of my characters are relevant to their individual perspectives and whatnot. some of which are Rare #‎Amiibo characters at the moment as well. #‎Sonichu's choice is Sonic, out of respect. Pikachu is not as strong as #‎Sonic anyway. Tune in next week to hear #‎Rosechu's choice.
Simultaneously, Chris tied his new Amiibo with a desire to make Sonichu a downloadable character for the game Super Smash Bros, including a drawing of Sonichu holding his own Amiibo.
Upon announcing his second Amiibo listing in June 2015, he let his fans know that he had suffered for his art:
Seriously. I work diligently, tough-hard, lovingly, on each Sonichu Figure. To actually be able to Hand Repurpose, with minimal model magic usage, paint and personally, metaphorically, give birth, and certify, Actual Figures of my own personal main Electric-Hedgehog Pokémon character... It is plain incredible and simply awesome to me.
And I had a mishap when I started creation of this batch, on the morning of Wednesday, the 20th: I literally cut my left forefinger, near deep and bad, with a slip of my pocket knife. Fortunately, I had my last tetanus shot less than five years ago. I went to the emergency room; I had to get my finger numbed and stitched. They gauzed and splinted the finger; I've had to put up with that for nearly a week, during the healing and reapplication of antibiotic ointment and the band-aids and putting the gauze and splint back on. I just had the stitch removed this past Monday.
And now I am feeling crestfallen that over a day has passed from relisting the figures, right after completing them, and no one is buying them. What the hell?
In July, in response to the tepid response to his Amiibo/medallion bundle sets, Chris made a wide-ranging appeal, focusing not on the Amiibo as a product but on the character of Sonichu himself. He also reminded everyone that just as he had pulled weeds, he was putting a superhuman amount of effort into these figurines:
I still have six Sonichu Figures and Medallions for sale on the listing.
Listen, everyone, I am aware that I, personally, am appreciated like a person celebrity. That is great and all. BUT, I do feel that Sonichu should get as much respect as y'all give me. Aside from the autism I wish I did not have, I still have poured a lot of the kind of person I was and am into his character (transgender not included either). And I understand and can see how he and his friends, family, and whatnot can be considered "fanfiction".
But Sonichu, the First and Prime Sonichu, is MORE than just a yellow colored Sonic; Sonichu is MORE than a tall Pikachu. He is an individual who from a lone mouse, became a Sweetheart, a loyal friend, a lover, a caring type, a family hedgehog, a better than fast speed superhero type, a leader and a teammate who works with his team, and saves the day and helps around at home and in town. He is self-confident with awareness to his strengths, weaknesses and limits, humble, stays to fight when appropriate; a good soul and individual.
Sonic the Hedgehog; did he become a family hedgehog with Amy Rose or Sally Acorn? NO. Is Sonic a totally loyal, loving and caring type? Yes and No; he was loyal and caring of his friends, including the ladies and girls, but he is soo the "Love 'em and Leave 'em type, reluctant to heartfelt affections, and he is still afraid of commitment. Not only that, but SEGA is sending him spiraling down the drain with RUSHED Final Products, and offensive changes to him. I would not change, or allow change onto, Sonichu's physical characteristics. And I would want the final games and animations, should I be partnered with someone Official and Legitimate to create them, to Not be Rushed; Quality is Good to me.
And Pikachu, the one with Ash; no better than a wild or trained type of animal. Sonichu was wild, but domesticated himself with Rosechu and everyone else. Sonichu has a stronger Defense and Attack than Pikachu; faster too. And Sonichu has more story potential with his life. Pikachu is a lot of going wherever Ash goes, shadowed by him most of the time, and a lot of "attack and win or lose"; so trite. No contest: Sonichu wins the Pokémon battle.
Plus, not only can the Amiibo figure be used in Smash Bros and unlock things in other games, but as a figure, you can imagine him going into battle and sending a thunderpunching sky uppercut for the win.
I spend Hours locating the figure resources, sorting out the pieces, disassembling portions, Krazy glued some, painted, added and solidified the portions with Model Magic and more K-glue, putting them together, label them, certifying them, package them... ALL Hand Worked to the end; I end up with Krazy glue on my fingers and end up gnawing the dried portions off. I put a LOT of Time, Effort, Heart and Soul into Each Individual Figure. An I am improving the packaging quality to make sure they each do not fall apart in transit. And I need the funds from the sales to help pay the bills here at home and better.
My Crafts are Hand-Made Soul Pieces, and hand-made usually have the good charm and quality in each of them, and they are Collectible. Think about it.
Chris's other Amiibo
Even this plea couldn't move product, unfortunately, and he was forced to lower the price.
Blake Amiibo
Over the months, Chris made more Amiibo based on his comic characters. At first he doubted that he would be able to bring them to market. As he explained on Facebook:[2]
The reason I am hesitant on offering figures of the rest of my electric-hedgehog Pokémon, is because of possible, past undetermined, higher costs to make each of them. In particular, Angelica needs not only Pit's figure's chip, but the wings as well. Little Mac is extremely rare, and Ness is rare too. It takes three figures to make up Blake and Magi-Chan figures.
He also whined about "the return of the blue arm bandits behind these Sonic Booms occupying our minds and stressing me."[3]
Nevertheless, he overcame these obstacles, and in August announced on Facebook that he was offering ten Blake Amiibo for sale. Because of higher production costs, he jacked up the price to $50.
The Facebook announcement photo.
For the Blake Amiibo product description on eBay, he simply made superficial edits to the Sonichu Amiibo description. Half-assing it as usual, he neglected to delete references to Sonichu, and he STILL referred to himself as "Christian," demonstrating how seriously he takes his female identity.
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Blake Sonichu Amiibo Figure.
Blake is posed in a fighter-style, right arm flexed, and looking down his left arm at his opponent threateningly. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure
These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment.
NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist.
**Disclaimer: the figure you receive will vary in a small detail or two, compared to the above photograph, but they all have been hand-reconfigured, painted and all that personally.
**The program chip in each base is a Bowser Amiibo chip. All of these figures are still Unregistered and Virgin New; if you would like for me to level the figures up to the maximum level in Super Smash Bros. (3DS or WiiU), and include the random in-game items and money with them, please inform me under the "Special Instructions" section when checking out. Or send me a message after purchase. Otherwise, if left uninformed, I will be sending the figure to you Unregistered and Fresh there. I highly recommend going with the Yellow-Shoe alt-colour in-game choice when setting up your figure, to best represent Sonichu in the game(s). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**Also, the Metal Sticker has been removed from the base portion of the package, so the figure can be read while inside its package.
Everyone involved, including ALL Bidders, are bound by eBay's Terms and Regulations as stated therein, link below at bottom of this web page.
Discretion (As stated in the Comic Page image freshly added to the listing with few updates): ALL Sonichu, Rosechu, Cwcville and such material is Copyrighted March, 2000 by Christian Weston Chandler, with Full Paperwork backed up in Washington DC. Any names, persons or characters and such illustrated in the past Original Comic Book Pages, LittleBiGPlanet 1, 2, PSP and Vita Levels under the PSN ID of "Sonichu", and all direct content from the Creator, Christian Weston Chandler, NOT originating from said Creator that may seem similar to anyone past or present, as well as under other respective ownerships, are purely coincidental or otherwise parodic. Ownership of Original characters of Pikachu, Pok'emon and Sonic the Hedgehog are those of Nintendo and SEGA of America respectively, as well as everything Super Smash Bros, respectively. The piece that is being sold on eBay now is an Original artwork created by the original Creator of Sonicu, Rosechu and the city of Cwcville, Christian Weston Chandler, and is solely being sold as an artwork.
Three days after the offer, since he had sold exactly zero, Chris threw in an autographed photo and edited the description to read:
All of these figures have beel leveled up to the maximum level in Super Smash Bros. (3DS or WiiU), and include the max amount of random in-game items and money with them.
Despite his best efforts, after three listings he only managed to sell five of the Blakes.
All The Amiibo!
In early September 2015, Chris shifted from eBay to Etsy to sell his items. Shortly thereafter, throwing caution to the wind, he listed eleven Amiibo, including Sonichu, Blake, the entire Chaotic Combo, and three "CWC Amiibo Figures"--traditional Comic Chris, "Post 2011 Christine Weston Chandler," and Chris Chan Sonichu. The new website required new product descriptions; for the most part he copied the descriptions from eBay, but added a precis of each character.
Custom Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$50.00
Materials: Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Sonic Amiibo, Pikachu Amiibo
Sonichu is the lead main character in the Sonichu and Rosechu comic book series. Transformed from a Pikachu after a collision accident with chaos powers, that also gave start to the rest of the main Electric-Hedgehog (Pokemon), Sonichu not only runs soo fast that he can create Sonic Booms, of which for him, electricity exudes with the sonic boom, causing temporary paralysis to some people, and a possible temporary power failure to some off in a miles-away distance. He has seen trials and tribulations, some of which have not yet been told; he stands tough and determined to stand up for what is good and right for everyone in the community, as well as his friends and family. Hardly anything, even Sonic the Hedgehog, can out flank and overtake this Zappin' to the Extreme Speedster and Caring Friend and Father. He sometimes has an attitude as well, but he does mean well and good.
Custom Blake Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$40.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Pikachu Amiibo, Bowser Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue, Gannondorf Amiibo
Blake Sonichu, also known as Black Sonichu, or just Blake; He was a villian, born from being cloned of the original Sonichu's DNA in Giovanni's lab, and a scientist accidentally spilled cherry cola onto the strands, changing the pigment of the fur from yellow and brown, to black and red. He was your typical Bad Boy who would tote a gun, but he doesn't have to with his Lightning Bolts and Electric attacks. He worked for Team Rocket, under the training of adopted son, Naitsirhc. He lost speed for attack, but makes up for the speed difference from Sonichu with rockets on his shoes. Flamethrower from the heel! He turned good from a combination of Falling in Love with Bubbles Rosechu, and the fateful transformation from bad to worse with Naitsirhc. Bubbles really loves Blake in return, and she helped him to adjust from villian to Anti-Hero-like. Flex his muscles in his arms and his legs, and he can duke it out like a heavyweight!
...
**If you have an extra Bowser or Gannondorf Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $20 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $20 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Samus Amiibo, Zero Suit Samus Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Rosechu is posed in a stance, wielding her lightning blade, ready to attack. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist. These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment.
Rosechu is the lead main woman character, and partner and Sweetheart, and wife, to Sonichu. Transformed from the same fateful accident, on the other end of the rainbow that radiated from the origin point. She is a woman who takes no guff from anyone. She is able to make others feel better about themselves with her own charm, self confidence and esteem, and confidence in the abilities of her family and friends. She really stands up for those she cares about in her family and community. You do not want to make her angry, or really angry. She is able to form weapons from her natural electric attacks; from a sword, shield, scythe, staff, throwable bolts and other forms. She takes pride in her blade styled after Nariko's in Playstation 3's Heavenly Sword. Each of her electric weapons can not only paralyze and shock on contact, but tough and solid enough to cut and slash. Rosechu is a tough and loyal woman, as well as independent and smart.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Samus, or Zero Suit Samus, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Samus or Zero Suit Samus Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $20 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $20 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Pre-2011 Christian Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Toon Link Amiibo, Link Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Christine Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure. This me before I realized and found myself and came out for the person I am. I was also feeling constantly lost and naive back then. I am borrowing Toon Llink's pose, but the sword is rotated upward. It's a repaint, with model magic to make the face based off of myself in the past.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Toon Link Amiibo chip, but for an additional difference, I can put in my other favorites: Link, Fox McCloud, Samus or Zero Suit Samus, Female Robin or Lucina. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Or, if you like, I can do the work on a Link Figure instead; making my past self taller to say the least, at no price difference.
**If you have an extra Link or Fox McCloud, Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will swap the base in favor at no extra charge. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you and check on the progress.
In mid-October, right before his conviction, he added:
This figure is representative of me, as I was, around and before 2011, in male haircut and attire. Still, a Lot of history that led up to me figuring myself out ultimately as a female soul, and being a still famous author and creator. And the mental anguish and being bullied online. At least I matured mentally and emotionally from that for the most part.
See demo video of Me, Myself, and I, teaming up against our mutual enemy of Autism on my YouTube. (The Mii saved on the Mii Chip for this figure will be the one in the red hoodie; make sure your SSB WiiU or 3DS Software is currently updated).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnEkxWuODGQ
Custom Post 2011 Christine Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Mii Swordfighter Amiibo, Link Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Christine Weston Chandler Amiibo Figure. This is me in my Present, and most delightful, Lesbian Transwoman Self. I am borrowing Link's pose. It's a repaint, with model magic to make the face based off of my own personal Mii character.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Link or Swordfighter Mii (with my own Personal Mii) Amiibo chip, but for an additional difference, I can put in my other favorites: Fox McCloud, Samus or Zero Suit Samus, Female Robin or Lucina. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Swordfighter Mii, Fox McCloud, Samus, Zero Suit Samus, Robin or Lucina Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will swap the base in favor at no extra charge. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you and check on the progress.
In mid-October he added:
This is me as I am today, and always have been soulfully, as best represented in this figure, and on my Mii that will be saved on the Mii Swordfighter Chip. I am the famous author and artist and creator of Sonichu, Rosechu, and the city of Cwcville, VA, USA. Regardless of the hatred against me from the haters on the internet, I am myself; a good lesbian transwoman with high-functioning autism.
See demo video of Me, Myself, and I, teaming up against our mutual enemy of Autism on my YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnEkxWuODGQ
As well as a demo (highlight) video of me, my mom and dad, teaming up against my enemies, Count Graduon, Slaweel Ryam, Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc (evil/opposite twin), and a couple of Jerkops.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTPncjK7woQ
Custom Chris Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
50.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Pikachu Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Chris Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure. In my Electric-Hedgehog Pokemon (Superpower) form, I am posed as if running forward.
...
Chris Chan Sonichu is my, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler, superpower, or superhero, alter-form. I transform, in the book pages, with the help of the energies in my own master Sonichu Medallion (Certified reproductions of the medallion are for sell in the Sonichu Medallion listing on this shop). I channel the powers of my electric-hedgehogs, and my own energies, to take the Sonichu form of a Normal/Electric type. I can channel the typical Electric attacks and defenses. I run at sonic and sonic boom speeds. My attack queue include Psychic attacks, Hyper Beam, Thunderbolts, Electric-formed weapons, Sky Uppercut, and even Spin Dash! My ultimate attack to take down my foes and haters is MENTAL! I would put my own experiences of Autism into their minds, disabling them; confusing them; driving them crazy with Multiple and Quick Synapses between their brain cells. Hey, this is Smash Bros; a Video Game! I can perform all of the Psychic and Mental attacks that I want.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Sonic Amiibo chip, but for an additional difference, I can put in my other favorites: Fox McCloud, Samus or Zero Suit Samus, Female Robin or Lucina. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Fox McCloud, Samus, Zero Suit Samus, Robin or Lucina Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will swap the base in favor at no extra charge. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $15 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Magi-Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$45.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Pikachu Amiibo, Ness Amiibo, Mewtwo Amiibo, Lucas Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Magi-Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figure. Magi-Chan is posed in a levitating Meditate, and he looks out at you, as if his meditation was interrupted, and he does not like being interrupted.
...
Magi-Chan Sonichu, one of the five main electric-hedgehog Pokemon that spawned from the rainbow of chaos on the fateful day of collision. Born alone(?) inside a deep, dark cave in the mountains above Cwcville, VA, his mentor psychically called out to him from within the mountainous area. The original cloned Mewtwo! Magi-Chan was psychically raised, practicing his natural telepathy, mind-reading, levitating, and other psychic powers, and then improving over and over and over again, even to combine his electrical attacks into the mix as well. After full mastering, his mentor left him, and he progressed with his life outside in the world. He met and became friends with the other electric-hedgehogs of Cwcville, as well as their families, and the Mayor/Creator, me. Always on the lookout over the city and around thereabouts, he helps greatly to prevent and stop crimes and malcontent with the help of his team of Alakazams to back him up. He does get out to enjoy life as well. But when disturbed of a bad person, he can see it coming and dart out of harm's way. And he will shoot out electric attacks and psychic energy spheres and beams. He can levitate his foes and toss them around. He can turn his foes ultimately weak, but still able to move about and heal of their power as a last resort. Magi-Chan Sonichu is a real and serious mental force that no weak mind can penetrate easily.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Ness, Mewtwo or Lucas, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Ness, Mewtwo or Lucas Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $25 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $25 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Punchy Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Little Mac Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
***NOTE: I have yet to make another Punchy Sonichu in the new pose that is better than what I have come with on my original Prototype. After I have that new version of the figure made, I will take new photos of the figure, in the package, and swap them for the ones on here right now.
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Punchy Sonichu Amiibo Figure. Punchy is posed having just performed a left jab and getting ready to do a right hook.
...
Punchy Sonichu, one of the five main electric-hedgehog Pokemon that spawned from the rainbow of chaos on the fateful day of collision. He was raised in a Japanese style Dojo by the master, Shinabe. Punchy was taught and mastered the ways of Karate, Self-Defense, and great offense. Although random in humor, and enjoys the comical shows on television often, he has mastered the ability to maintain focus and concentration. So, he is instantly able to channel his inner chi and energy at the ready and instant of battle. He can chop ferociously, and dig to escape and attain an advantage from behind the foe. But his specialties lie in his volley of Thunderpunches, although he can also throw Fire Punch and Ice Punch, and even form a Tri Attack from within. His Sky Uppercut is usually a Winning Move for him in every Championship Bout he has participated in, and on the field as well. He can even cause an earthquake by Punching the ground.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Little Mac, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Little Mac Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $20 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $20 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Angelica Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Pit Amiibo, Dark Pit Amiibo, Black Pit Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Angelica Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Angelica is posed wings spread and enjoying the heavens above as she looks up at the sky. Fun Bonus: you can hold the figure, and pretend she is flying around you!
...
Angelica Rosechu, one of the five main electric-hedgehog Pokemon that spawned from the rainbow of chaos on the fateful day of collision. She was raised by a group of nuns in a church near the city of Cwcville, VA. Taught of the rightous guidance of God and the Holy Bible, she takes delight in the pleasant and good things of life. She can pray and give new life to plants, creatures and her friends, as well as healing. She can fly Sky High into the Heavens, yet she does not meet any other Angels up there. She meets them on the ground among the people and her friends' kindness and compassion. But to the devils and bad people who wish to seek and do harm, especially when talking them down is not an option, she takes the angelic offense between beating them up with her wings, slashing them with Steel Wing attacks, and shocking them with her electric attacks. She prefers to shoot her lightning bolts like a bow and arrow set in quickest succession. Divine Intervention with focused sunbeams from the heavens above at her prayer request can take out ALL of her enemies in a Massively Damaging Swoop!
...
**The program chip in each base is a Pit or Dark (Black) Pit, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Although, if you would like a Palutena Base for Angelica, I would still require the wings of either Pit figure. But that would work, with a Bonus: I would take the halo and wing piece from Paluentena's figure and make Angelica more angelic with that halo hovering over her. I would charge extra for that addition. Although, if you have an extra Palutena Amiibo Figure, I will not charge extra. But, initially, there would not be a discount from the initial price.
**If you have an extra Pit or Dark (Black) Pit Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $20 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $20 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Wild Sonichu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
35.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Donkey Kong Amiibo, Diddy Kong Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Sonichu Amiibo Figure. Wild is posed running and performing a Vine Whip, as if to make ready to swing from tree to building.
...
Wild Sonichu, one of the five main electric-hedgehog Pokemon that spawned from the rainbow of chaos on the fateful day of collision. He was raised in the wild by a male Scyther and a female Venusaur. Wild has learned to survive in the wild jungles and forests, using his razor leaves and vine whips to cut, bind, attack and defend. And he can swing from tree to tree, or even building to building in the city of Cwcville. He is also able to adapt with camouflage to blend in and hide with stealth. Very quick in jumping and very agile, Wild is a real natural force to be reckoned with.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Donkey Kong or Diddy Kong, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Donkey Kong or Diddy Kong Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $15 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $15 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
Custom Bubbles Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$30.00+
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Peach Amiibo, Rosealina Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Krazy Glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Bubbles Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Bubbles is performing her Surf attack and enjoying the ride on the water wave.
...
Bubbles Rosechu, one of the five main electric-hedgehog Pokemon that spawned from the rainbow of chaos on the fateful day of collision. She was raised under the sea, and sometime on land, by a female Swampert. She rescued and helped her mom to shore after a passing Wailord accidentally dropped a boulder onto the mother's head. Bubbles is a sweet, caring and bubbly soul, who likes to have fun and enjoy the day! But don't get her mad, or she will make you wet, and maybe shocked. Her attacks of Water and Electricity are a powerful combination against her foes. She prefers to be friendly than foe; she enjoys hanging out with her gal pals, including Rosechu, Angelica, Simonla and other good friends. Her smile and bubbly personality makes those around her feel happy and smile.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Peach or Rosealina, Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
**If you have an extra Peach or Rosealina Amiibo Figure, with Base and Chip, New or Used; I will cut you a deal if you ship that figure to me to use as the material for the figure; $20 off. Just select "I Will Send a Figure" I will provide my address to send the figure to, if it's not viewable on my Etsy Profile, and I will expect the figure within a couple of weeks. If I do not receive the figure, I will contact you, and either I will bill the $20 difference to you, or I'll issue a refund to you. I do not like to be cheated, and I am a person of my word and pride.
On 25 September, two more Amiibo appeared on Etsy, part of the "Second Wave." Even though Chris hadn't yet created any and said that it would take four weeks to make them, he nevertheless copy-pasted the section from the other entries stating, "These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment." He also referred to photos which didn't exist.
Chris used this as a placeholder before he had photos of the Slaweel and Graduon Amiibo.
Custom Slaweel Ryam Amiibo Figure
$40.00+
Materials: plastic, model magic, ink, acrylic paints, krazy glue, rosealina amiibo, zelda amiibo, peach amiibo, paper, Swordfighter Mii Amiibo
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Slaweel Ryam Amiibo Figure. The Prototype has yet to be made, and is part of the Second Wave of the Sonichu and Rosechu Amiibo Set. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist. These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment.
**The figure, at this time, will be designed and created after a purchase has been made. But it can and will be created and everything within four weeks. [This line was deleted after he produced a prototype.]
Slaweel Ryam, a hack witch and spellcaster, and past villain to Christine/Christian Chandler; she worked alongside the spirit of the major Wizard, Count Graduon. They both sought to put an end to Honest and True Love and Compassion in the world by any means required. In Slaweel's mind, she long thought she was in control of the operation, but Graduon was the one who really had all the magic power within his dark, evil and corrupted spirit.
**Disclaimer: the figure you receive may vary in a small detail or two, compared to the above photograph, but they all have been hand-reconfigured, painted and all that personally.
**The program chip in each base is planned to be a Rosalina Amiibo chip, or alternatively a Zelda or Peach Amiibo chip. [Later edited to read: The default program chip in each base is a Rosalina Amiibo chip, or alternatively a Mii Chip of her face and a valid costume represented of her character (at an extra charge), a Zelda or Peach Amiibo chip.] The final figure will be MORE than just a repaint of a per-existing figure, as I do on most of my figures. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
In mid-October, he felt compelled to add:
Also, I want to make it clear that This Figure has been made due to the character being one of the (past) Lead Villains, as well as the great interest in the followers and fan base of my works. I, Christine Weston Chandler, hold absolutely No Ill Will nor malcontent of any person this character may have been based off of at all.
This Amiibo disappeared from Etsy around 26 October. When a fan asked about it, Chris replied:[4]
Blame it on a hater who filed a fake DMCA claim against it with a supposed "structure" of Slaweel that does not exist.
Hopefully, after Etsy looks further into the claim, the listing will hopefully be restored in less than ten day. I have no comment on feelings, other than how it takes away the benefit of requesting and ordering the witch as a figure away from everyone, including themselves who filed the claim.
Sure enough, on 11 November, Chris triumphantly announced on Facebook:
Hey, Hey, Hey! Slaweel is back with the Count on the shop!
Custom Count Graduon Amiibo Figure (From Original Creator)
$40.00
Materials: Ganondorf Amiibo, plastic, model magic, acrylic paints, ink, paper, krazy glue
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Slaweel Ryam [sic] Amiibo Figure. The Prototype has yet to be made, and is part of the Second Wave of the Sonichu and Rosechu Amiibo Set. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist. These Figures have been personally assembled within the past month, and all are ready for quick shipment.
**The figure, at this time, will be designed and created after a purchase has been made. But it can and will be created and everything within four weeks. [This line was deleted after he produced a prototype.]
Count Graduon, the Dark, Evil and Corrupted Spirit of a Wizard, is one who, or what, seeks to destroy and shatter hearts in love by putting an end to Honest and True Love and Compassion in the world by any means required. Graduon is the mastermind, while in the while with Slaweel by his side; she was merely his pawn. Graduon was a wizard of castle times and ages. He Was an expert wizard and a master of his witchcraft. People never really took him seriously, because he was only four foot, seven, and he had his conquering plans overtaken by knights, royalty and the armies. He also was viewed as having numerous imaginary friends, and was bullied, teased, taunted and tortured growing up. He had powers to resurrect, empower, armor, mentally ablitize and control the dead; as long as they had all of their limbs and such. While alive, he had experienced love, but he was hardly able to experience the Good in it at all, no matter how many women he laid with. Women viewed him as a bastard; his attitude and clothing attire said it all. He had been executed, and then his soul trapped in the sphere and locked away forever. Until Slaweel uncovered it, and brought back to the light of day.
**Disclaimer: the figure you receive may vary in a small detail or two, compared to the above photograph, but they all have been hand-reconfigured, painted and all that personally.
**The program chip in each base is planned to be a Ganondorf Amiibo chip. The final figure will be MORE than just a repaint of a per-existing figure, as I do on most of my figures. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Autism Mii Amiibo Figure
$50.00
Materials: Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink, Brawler Mii Amiibo
**The figure, and the face of which, are NOT Representative of any individual person or persons that suffer from Autism of any level of functionality. The face on the Mii is one I have created to offer a representation of the mental disability, so for our individual imaginations at least, we can look it right in the face and overpower it in our individual recovery.
**Also, for each sale of THIS figure, $10.00 will personally be donated to the local Virginia Institute of Autism in Charlottesville, VA.
**At the moment the Prototype Figure has not yet been made, and after creation, a photo of the figure will be added onto this listing.
Straight from the creator and artist of Sonichu and Rosechu, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Autism Mii Amiibo Figure. It WILL be shipped in a sealed wrap marked "Fragile". My signature will be written on the backs each figure base. A Personal Certificate of Authenticity will be included with the figure. NO LOCAL PICKUP AVAILABLE, at the Personal Risk of myself, the Original Creator and Artist.
Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impaired social interaction, verbal and non-verbal communication, and restricted and repetitive behavior. Parents usually notice signs in the first two years of their child's life. These signs often develop gradually, though some children with autism reach their developmental milestones at a normal pace and then regress. The diagnostic criteria require that symptoms become apparent in early childhood, typically before age three. (Quote from Wikipedia.org) Research and Development is still in the works in preventing, and recovery of, Autism in children and adults.
**Disclaimer: the figure you receive may vary in a small detail or two, compared to the above photograph, but they all have been hand-reconfigured, painted and all that personally.
**The program chip in each base is a Brawler Mii Amiibo chip, with the Autism Mii saved onto it, ready to fight in either Super Smash Bros. game for 3DS or WiiU. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
In mid-October he completed the prototype, made the relevant changes to the above text, and added:
I have had to suffer with autism inhibiting my socializing ability for my lifetime, and to me that was a bad headache. Join me in dealing some major damage, symbolically, and virtually literally, in Super Smash Bros. by fighting the custom Mii Fighter saved on a Mii Brawler figure chip.
See demo video of Me, Myself, and I, teaming up against our mutual enemy of Autism on my YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnEkxWuODGQ
...
**Each figure will come complete with a removable headband, similar to the one it wears in SSB, in case looking it right in its eyes on its forehead, above its blushing cheeks, above its misplaced mustache and mouth, above its nose on its chin, freaks you out.
Custom Chris Chan Amiibo Complete Three Piece Set (from Original Creator)
In early November Chris threw together a set of "Me, Myself, and I."
$120.00
Materials: Mii Swordfighter Amiibo, Krazy Glue, Plastic, Ink, Paper, Acrylic Paints, Model Magic, Pikachu Amiibo, Sonic Amiibo, Toon Link Amiibo, Link Amiibo
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a complete three piece set of Fresh, reposed, coloured, strengthened, and certified Christine, and Christian, Weston Chandler, and Chris Chan Sonichu Amiibo Figures. The individual figures' details are as stated in their respective listings.
Custom Christine Weston Chandler's Family Amiibo Figure Pack
$120.00
Materials: Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Krazy Glue, Paper, Ink, Swordfighter Mii Amiibo, Link Amiibo, Brawler Mii Amiibo, Fighter Mii Amiibo, Mario Amiibo, Gunner Mii Amiibo, Mega Man Amiibo
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a complete three piece set of Fresh, reposed, coloured, strengthened, and certified Christine Weston Chandler, Barbara Weston Chandler, and Robert Franklin Chandler Jr. Amiibo Figures. The individual figures' details are as stated in their respective listings. Packaged in one of a limited quantity three-pack Amiibo package and custom card back.
...
Post-2011 Christine Weston Chandler:
This is me as I am today, and always have been soulfully, as best represented in this figure, and on my Mii that will be saved on the Mii Swordfighter Chip. I am the famous author and artist and creator of Sonichu, Rosechu, and the city of Cwcville, VA, USA. Regardless of the hatred against me from the haters on the internet, I am myself; a good lesbian transwoman with high-functioning autism.
See demo video of Me, Myself, and I, teaming up against our mutual enemy of Autism on my YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnEkxWuODGQ
Barbara Weston Chandler:
My mother; she is a good person. Her expertise is in finances and secretarial. A tomboy, she knows how to take a punch, as well as giving a punch. Caring and tough; this is one good looking mama you would not want to give a difficult time.
Robert Franklin Chandler Jr.:
My father; he was very smart and technical. A retired engineer from General Electric, he has designed the controls for many a machine, including Plastic Moulding, Steelmill and Sawmill; all with his own Patents and name on them. Without him, you not have the plastic on your smartphones and laptops and game controllers, or even a simple plastic funnel. He also served in the army after WWII, stationed in Souel Korea in the Signal Corp. He knew how to be eloquent in speech, and also put up an argument. Very Smart.
In Memory Of RFCJr: September 4, 1927 - September 6, 2011.
See my mom, dad and I take on our foes on my YouTube.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTPncjK7woQ
...
**The program chip in each Christine Weston Chandler Figure base each is a Swordfighter Mii Amiibo chip. The program chip in each Barbara Weston Chandler base is a Brawler/Fighter Mii Amiibo chip. The program chip in each Robert Franklin Chandler Jr. base is a Gunner Mii Amiibo chip. (Each figure has their own respective Personal Miis saved onto them, as shown in the screen caps above) No non-Mii chips are available in this offer. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Jerkop and Janekop Amiibo Figures
$20.00+
Select a material:
Randon Mii Amiibo ($30.00)
Swordfighter Mii ($30.00)
Brawler/Fighter Mii ($30.00)
Gunner Mii ($30.00)
Random Human Amiibo ($20.00)
Skin, Clothes, Sex
Select an option:
Random
White_White_Male
White_White_Female
Black_White_Male
Black_White_Female
White_Brown_Male
White_Brown_Female
Black_Brown_Male
Black_Brown_Female
White_Red_Male
White_Red_Female
Black_Red_Male
Black_Red_Female
**You must Select BOTH a Variant AND and an Option before Adding to Cart. IF you want Random for both, please select "Random" for both fields. If you're buying more than one, and you want differing variant and option between each of them, please add one to cart with one set of options, and then add one to cart with your other set of options.
**Non-Mii Human Amiibo Figures include those of Mario, Luigi, Zero Suit Samus, etcetra; Any figure without a skirt or dress, and NO Non-Human Form Figure (a pair of arms; a pair of legs; a head with a face). NO Animals or Animal Form Figures either.
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Jerkop or Janekop Amiibo Figure.
...
Jerkops and Janekops; the Soldiers and Troop Force, under the control of the might and magic of Count Graduon (and in the past, of Slaweel Ryam). Originally, they were each brainwashed people who were shanghaied into Slaweel and Graduon's control. And later on, without Slaweel, free from the wand, the sould of Graduon finds a new body, and reverses the age of the recent deceased to the average age of 30 Years, and revives them, each with a fragment of Graduon's regenerating soul. Void of their past identities and personalities, the revived all are neutrally Graduon (regardless of physical gender and skin tone), but they are more commonly referred to, and acknowledged as, the impostors of the Poice Force in Blue, with false authorities, Jerkops (male) and Janekops (female).
**Each Figure made will definitely be individual in appearance (each figure's face matching as close as possible to the Mii saved onto their respective chip; if the chip is any other than a Mii, the face will definitely NOT match the character on the chip), but still in neutral or mean in facial expression. And their features can be customizable upon suggestion or request (Human or Human-Like Faces Only) to be molded like anyone's face (even your own, an enemy of yours; whatever as you wish. Hats are optional, but the clothes from the neck down are strictly the Uniforms of White, Brown or Red). I will answer any questions of the details, as well as in regards to facial custom requests.
See the demo video of a variety of Jerkop and Janekop Mii Fighters in combat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYNzV8KSROE
...
**The program chip in each base will be dependent on your choice of a Mii Amiibo chip or other human-type Amiibo chip selected or at random choice. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Silvana Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$70.00
Select a Material:
Robin Base
Wii Fit Trainer Base
Villager Base
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Silvana Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Silvana is posed performing a mighty powerful kick.
...
Silvana Rosechu, a Psychic Type, was a naturally born female, hatched from one of the eggs that came about from the rainbow of energy that spawned from the collision of Super Sonic with the Pikachu that transformed into Sonichu, and the Raichu that transformed into Rosechu. Her egg landed on the Earth's Moon. She hatched alone, and was able to survive on there. The spirit of Count Graduon found her up there, and took her under his teachings for his desires. Aside from her natural powers, Graduon granted her with the ability to Transform into other beings. The price of which being deprived of being able to naturally give birth, as well as the addition of a male part onto her (at least it stays inside, so states the biology of a Sonichu). Ultimately, she does turn good for the better, but while she was loyal to Graduon, she spied on the electric-hedgehogs, and Christian Chandler (as I was known as back then). And she found a connection with Magi-Chan Sonichu, but she had past denied his views over the social status and lack of social skills of the public, taught to her by Count Graduon.
...
**As Silvana is able to transform between both genders, she likes to play as the few characters that have both male and female versions in the Super Smash Bros Games, so the program chip in each base can be either a Robin, Wii Fit Trainer, or Villager Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Simonla Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$50.00
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Mega Man Amiibo, Rock Man Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Krazy Glue, Paper, Ink
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Simonla Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Simonla is posed with her left arm's drill at the ready, about to dig into the ground.
...
Simonla Rosechu, loyal wife of Wild Sonichu and mother of their child, Sandy Rosechu, is a tough ground/electric type, with drill parts, natural on her arm, that when not in use, cover her forearms, and when in use, covers her hands, and she is able to drill into the ground and borrow her way around underground and back up. She works at Cwcville Construction as a forewoman, and ensures the ground underneath is level and most stable for building support. Her bones and drill components are composed of a natural metal stronger than adamantanium, Simitanium. With simitanium, she is also capable of self-healing from injuries and bad damage. She also has retractable eye covers, so she can see underground and keep the dirt and rocks and other minerals and such out of her eyes. You don't want to get on Simonla's bad side, and hardly anything can keep her down for long; Tough and Durable.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Mega Man/Rock Man Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Christine Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$50.00
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Zelda Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Krazy Glue, Paper, Ink
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Christine Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Christine is posed mid-walking with sass and style.
...
Christine Rosechu, the middle of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is a rare Shiny Rosechu, and enjoys fashion, style, socializing and making many real and good friends. She often sparkles naturally under a light. Christine is a generous and kind gal who likes to offer help in adding style and class and positive vibes to all around her. And she likes being on stage in a play or film, and she likes to see her fellow actors shine in their own way, as she does for herself. She is content anywhere on the stage, and does not hog the spotlight or center of attention. She is also a bisexual, so she is attracted to everyone (as long as they don't get on her bad side).
...
**The program chip in each base is a Zelda Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Cera Rosechu Amiibo Figure (from Original Creator)
$50.00
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Wario Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Krazy Glue, Acrylic Paints, Paper, Ink
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Cera Rosechu Amiibo Figure. Cera is posed in a defensive pose, looking at her opponent, ready to fight for her family and friends.
...
Cera Rosechu, oldest of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is a tough and loyal woman; she doesn't like bad guff from others, but she is capable of shaking it off and keeping her composure, and only raises her fist when the threat or challenge is great or worse. She is physically tough and strong after lifting weights in the gym and punching the sandbags. She is not Wonder Woman or Supergirl, but she has been recorded to be able to lift as much as 4,000 pounds in the efforts of rescue and defense. She also tossed a one ton boulder a far distance of more than 20 miles away. Her natural electricity and electric abilities helps to give her punches a real shocking wallop. Cera is also a lesbian, and finds true love with her Asian lady friend.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Wario Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Robbie Sonichu Amiibo Figure (From Original Creator)
$60.00
Materials: Sonic Amiibo, Pikachu Amiibo, Shiek Amiibo, Plastic, Model Magic, Acrylic Paints, Krazy Glue, Paper, Ink
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified Robbie Sonichu Amiibo Figure. Robbie is posed in a sassy pose with a rock on hand gesture.
...
Robbie Sonichu, the youngest of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is physically active and very caring and empathetic of his family and others. Not only that, but Robbie is a female soul, born into the male body, with attraction and kind friendships with women around her age; self identified as a lesbian transwoman. She likes to follow in her father's footsteps, almost literally, by looking to be able to run as fast as, or faster than, her father. She also helps to defend her home town and friends from incoming bullies from Count Graduon's army with her strong electric attacks and speed. And she likes to run and spark with style and sass.
...
**The program chip in each base is a Shiek Amiibo chip. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Custom Sonichu and Rosechu Family Amiibo Figure Set (from Original Creator)
$220.00
Materials: shiek amiibo, Zelda amiibo, Wario amiibo, Pikachu amiibo, Samus amiibo, sonic Amiibo, Krazy Glue, Ink, Paper, Acrylic Paints, Model Magic, Plastic, Zero Suit Samus Amiibo
Straight from the creator and artist, Christine/Christian Weston Chandler (myself), a Fresh reposed, coloured, strengthed and certified set of the Sonichu and Rosechu Family Amiibo Figures.
...
Sonichu is the lead main character in the Sonichu and Rosechu comic book series. Transformed from a Pikachu after a collision accident with chaos powers, that also gave start to the rest of the main Electric-Hedgehog (Pokemon), Sonichu not only runs soo fast that he can create Sonic Booms, of which for him, electricity exudes with the sonic boom, causing temporary paralysis to some people, and a possible temporary power failure to some off in a miles-away distance. He has seen trials and tribulations, some of which have not yet been told; he stands tough and determined to stand up for what is good and right for everyone in the community, as well as his friends and family. Hardly anything, even Sonic the Hedgehog, can out flank and overtake this Zappin' to the Extreme Speedster and Caring Friend and Father. He sometimes has an attitude as well, but he does mean well and good. Sonic Amiibo Chip in Base
Rosechu is the lead main woman character, and partner and Sweetheart, and wife, to Sonichu. Transformed from the same fateful accident, on the other end of the rainbow that radiated from the origin point. She is a woman who takes no guff from anyone. She is able to make others feel better about themselves with her own charm, self confidence and esteem, and confidence in the abilities of her family and friends. She really stands up for those she cares about in her family and community. You do not want to make her angry, or really angry. She is able to form weapons from her natural electric attacks; from a sword, shield, scythe, staff, throwable bolts and other forms. She takes pride in her blade styled after Nariko's in Playstation 3's Heavenly Sword. Each of her electric weapons can not only paralyze and shock on contact, but tough and solid enough to cut and slash. Rosechu is a tough and loyal woman, as well as independent and smart. Samus (Original or Zero Suit) Amiibo Chip in Base.
Cera Rosechu, oldest of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is a tough and loyal woman; she doesn't like bad guff from others, but she is capable of shaking it off and keeping her composure, and only raises her fist when the threat or challenge is great or worse. She is physically tough and strong after lifting weights in the gym and punching the sandbags. She is not Wonder Woman or Supergirl, but she has been recorded to be able to lift as much as 4,000 pounds in the efforts of rescue and defense. She also tossed a one ton boulder a far distance of more than 20 miles away. Her natural electricity and electric abilities helps to give her punches a real shocking wallop. Cera is also a lesbian, and finds true love with her Asian lady friend. Wario Amiibo Chip in Base.
Christine Rosechu, the middle of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is a rare Shiny Rosechu, and enjoys fashion, style, socializing and making many real and good friends. She often sparkles naturally under a light. Christine is a generous and kind gal who likes to offer help in adding style and class and positive vibes to all around her. And she likes being on stage in a play or film, and she likes to see her fellow actors shine in their own way, as she does for herself. She is content anywhere on the stage, and does not hog the spotlight or center of attention. She is also a bisexual, so she is attracted to everyone (as long as they don't get on her bad side). Zelda Amiibo Chip in Base.
Robbie Sonichu, the youngest of the three children of the leading Sonichu and Rosechu family, is physically active and very caring and empathetic of his family and others. Not only that, but Robbie is a female soul, born into the male body, with attraction and kind friendships with women around her age; self identified as a lesbian transwoman. She likes to follow in her father's footsteps, almost literally, by looking to be able to run as fast as, or faster than, her father. She also helps to defend her home town and friends from incoming bullies from Count Graduon's army with her strong electric attacks and speed. And she likes to run and spark with style and sass. Shiek Amiibo Chip in Base.
...
**The program Amiibo chip in each base are mentioned in each character's detail above. Each Figure will be Leveled up to Level 50 and have maximum number of items, in and for Super Smash Bros (WiiU and 3DS). Compatible for Game Use, or Unlocks, in the following 3DS and WiiU Games: both Super Smash Bros. games, Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker, and Mario Party 10, and more titles to come.
Received Amiibo
While Chris has not yet received negative feedback on eBay or Etsy for these items (in part because of the threat that crossing the Great Director Chandler can result in public doxxing), the quality of those received has been less than spectacular. On one of them, the tail and right ear had come off in transit, despite Chris's order to the U.S. Mail, "THIS SIDE UP." The "Certificate of Authenticity" read:
This Certificate verifies the authenticity of the accompanying Sonichu/Rosechu Amiibo Figure from Christian/Christine Weston Chandler. The Signature on this document attests that she alone, full of heart, soul and efforts in reposing the figure, painting and gluing and all other specific detailings on the figure, and external of the base.
Another Amiibo arrived essentially broken in half:
The recipient stated, "the head is off, the tail is off, and one of the ears came off where he had just wrapped the modeling clay around sonic's existing ear. no glue or anything." He also noted that Chris had attempted to reseal the package with double-sided tape, which had collected dust and grime.[5]
A contributor on Chris's old stomping grounds, Keep Sonic Original, posted two images of his received Amiibo:
While he said it was "worth every single cent," he noted that both the ears and the tail were broken off.[6]
A user on Reddit posted images of another received Amiibo with a broken tail. It arrived with instructions on how to take care of the "medallion."
Someone with a Tumblr account posted pictures of her received Amiibo. They indicate that Chris is actually editing the small print on the package to insert his own copyright notice.
And another. Notice how Chris asks, "Please Leave Positive Feedback."
As posted on Instagram, received Sonichu and Blake Amiibo:
An Australian recipient took the time to make an in-depth snarky review highlighting the shit condition of the item:
Sonichu Amiibo Review
Click to load content
Direct link
Youtube, archive
Stardate
17 April 2015
Made By
VN Reader
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
A purchaser of the Amiibo/medallion package set posted an unboxing video:
SONICHU AMIIBO FIGURE & SONICHU MEDALLION UNBOXING
Click to load content
Stardate
31 July 2015
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
2020s sales
Chris partnered with Praetor to sell Sonichu Amiibo beginning in March 2024. These figures are entirely 3D printed, meaning they do not have Amiibo functionality.
Fan Videos
Sonichu Smash 4 Trailer
Click to load content
Stardate
22 March 2015
Made By
SmackaDerp
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
References
↑ File:Cwc_talk_soney_rosee.png
↑ June 2015 Facebook Posts#Amiibo Expenses
↑ June 2015 Facebook Posts#Magi-Chan in Super Smash Bros.
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/fb-10-9-slaweel-and-count-graduon-amiibos-confirmed-jerkops-coming-soon.13265/page-4#post-1057511 (archive: https://archive.ph/tKSQr)
↑ https://kiwifarms.net/threads/fb-4-6-sonichu-amiibo-for-sale.8808/page-17#post-650310 (archive: https://archive.ph/XErQO)
↑ [1] Dead Link
v • d • e
Relics of Fail
Identity
Business card • Classic Shirt • Medallions • Amnyfest Ring • "CWC on TV" DVD • Son-Chu • Christine Doll • Skylanders avatar • Love is Love comic • Magic stones • Goddess Log • Jail Letter Gifts
Love Quest
Attraction Sign ♥️ Red String of Fate ♥️ Heart Torch ♥️ Plush boobs ♥️ Sailor Moon poster ♥️ Naru
Transgender
Muscle bra •
Un-clit •  Frozen semen samples •  Negligee
Toys
Commodore 64 • PlayStation consoles (PS Move •  PSEye) •  Wii Remote of Fail • Pokéwalker •  Li'l Chris •  Gitar •  Z-Ring
Art
Sonic Totem • Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares •  Drinking Straw •  Scrapbook • Hand-drawn Nintendo Power • iDea Book Case •  Autographed Photos • Sonichu Amiibo • Schooldesk
Rage
Megatron pistol •  Pocket knife •  Clown Doll •  Lego Voodoo torture chamber •  Pepper spray •  Apology Letters •  Unban contracts •  Pmurt effigy •
Baseball bat
Fashion
$400 gold necklace •  Anime Wings • Belt buckle •  Pedo-Glasses •  I'm Done Adulting t-shirt •  Hair •  Unicorn cosplay
Other
Apple products‎‎ • Treadmill
Shrines of Fail
The Wall of Originals (list) •  The Megan Shrine
The Holy Fails
Autism papers •  Crumple-Lope •  Transcripts and report cards • Manchester High Leaks
v • d • e
Business
Platforms
CWCville Shopping†  • Cwclight • eBay†  • Etsy (OfficialCWCmart)  • Lulu*  • Patreon†  • Redbubble*  • YouTube*
Crafts
Medallions • Sonichu Amiibo • Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder
Drawings
Sonichu comics • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing • Commissions
Videos
Interviews • Paid Video Requests
eBay Sales listings
2008–2013 • 2014–2015 • 2016 • 2017  • 2018 • 2019 • 2020
Commissions and Collaborations
Prequel Comic  • Sonichu and Night Star Plushies  • Shrek Retold  • Praetor
Other
Autographed photos  • Yep, I'm on T.V. Two DVD Set  • Skylanders avatar
Managers
Bryanfrogboy • Caden Peck • Null
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonichu_Amiibo&oldid=327315"