Title: Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid)
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sonichu_the_Animated_Series_(Spazkid)
Categories: Articles of the Now, Not TRUE and ORIGINAL
================================================================================

PROTIP:
This article was previously deleted due to Spazkid and other creators of the series vandalizing the page to plug their newer works into it. As a reminder, we do not endorse you whoring yourself out.
Sonichu: The Animated Series
Created by
Cory J. Beck
Seasons
2
Episodes
12
Original Run
3 November 2009 – 21 March 2010
Sonichu: The Animated Series was an animated series created by Spazkid as a parody of Christian Weston Chandler and his comic. It ran for two seasons, with the first having 10 episodes and the second having only one, which was split up into two parts.
Contents
1 Spazkid
2 The Animated Series
2.1 References by Chris
3 Characters
3.1 Major
3.2 Minor
3.3 Notable Mentions
3.4 Celebrities
4 Theme Song
5 Episode Synopses
5.1 Episode 1
5.2 Episode 2
5.3 Episode 3
5.4 Episode 4
5.5 Episode 5
5.6 Episode 6
5.7 Episode 7
5.8 Episode 8
5.9 Episode 9
5.10 Episode 10
5.11 Episode 11
6 Reception and Impact
7 References
8 External links
Spazkid
Spazkid in 2022
Spazkid created Sonichu: The Animated Series with friends. Having channels constantly flagged down on YouTube, he had to censor certain episodes of the cartoon and put the uncensored video files on Dailymotion. He was also a judge for the SingStar Challenge, due to being selected by Liquid.
He ended the series once his interest in Chris dropped off, but the show's abandonment was also influenced by constant drama with voice actors and writers. In one episode of a podcast called Sleepycast, Spazkid revealed that another reason why he abruptly stopped the series was because he felt that Chris's life had become more depressing to the point where Spazkid starting feeling bad for him, especially when he found out about Chris's tomgirl transformation and the death of Bob, though he still thinks its funny that Chris still freaks out about Sonic to this day. He mentioned that he still gets tweets from die-hard fans asking him if he could bring back the series, but he wants them to let it die.
“
Chris-Chan is—he’s an enigma which to so many people—they thought he was a troll. Because they’re like, “there’s no way this motherfucker is real” because he’s like the saddest human being ever. And it’s SAD because it’s like… I spent four years of my life fucking with him and people are like, “bring it back!” And I’m like, “NO! LET IT DIE.” It’s like depressing—it’s not the golden age—it’s the depressing age.
”
Spazkid, rebuking the weens.[1]
Despite him feeling some remorse for creating The Animated Series, Spazkid doesn't hesitate to call Chris a retard and despicable human being.
The Animated Series
Much like the comic series, though the title is 'Sonichu', the series centers around the misadventures of Chris. For four years, it ran for two seasons, with the first season consisting of 10 episodes and the second having one episode split into two parts. The series mocks Chris by making him look like a bigger idiot than he already is and with him always ending up in each episode being killed, injured, humiliated or doing something disgusting/stupid. Unlike the comics, Chris rarely wins and is rightfully told off many times, except by Sonichu, who loves and adores his "father"... maybe a little too much.
Since the series is a mashup of Chris's real-life adventures and his comics, many plot elements are taken from both Christorical sagas and the Sonichu comic. These events are usually heavily exaggerated for comedic effect. Many characters from both sagas and his comics make appearances such as Rosechu, Jimmy Hill, Megan, etc. The series also does things that Chris would absolutely hate, such as making Sonichu be abusive to Rosechu, him and Sonichu being engaged in gay sexual acts, most of his female characters having manly voices and appearances, and even Chris being raped by a black guy.
The series was animated in MS Paint, with the style being reminiscent of Ren & Stimpy in that the characters are often drawn as more grotesque than they already are. It is also noted that many of the characters are drawn differently each time they are on screen. This may be a reference to how Chris's characters never look the same in any drawings he does. Animation wise, the show is often crude and simplistic for both comedic effect and in order to save time in creating episodes.
Liquid Chris also contributed to the series, providing the voice of Chris in some episodes since he was at the time one of the few people who could imitate Chris perfectly. When it wasn't Liquid doing the voice, it was either Spazkid or CWCki editor PhinnyCupcakes. In some instances, audio clips from Chris's various videos, such as "So Need a Cute Girl," "I am STRAIGHT" and "For Julie's Eyes Only" were used.
References by Chris
Chris mentioned the series when he was asked by Joshua Martinez in April 2009. He said that he watched a bit of the series, but didn't give an opinion on it.[2]
Arthur Spatchcock, posing as an entrepreneur interested in working with Chris, feigned concern and asked in January 2016 if the series was associated with Chris. Chris answered that, "Sonichu: The Animated Series is not associated with me whatsoever."[3]
In a December 2020 tweet complaining about his finances, Chris uploaded a gif from the series, of Sonichu slapping Rosechu, to express his frustrations at mocking comments he anticipated from trolls.[4]
Characters
The cast of Sonichu TAS
Major
These characters have prominent roles throughout the series and appear in a majority of the episodes.
Christian Weston Chandler - A 27-year-old (at the time the series started) "virgin with rage" who is the mayor of CWCville. He is very naive, believing that CWCville is an ideal place to live and that he is loved by its citizens. He is on his "love quest" through the series and has a rivalry with Mary Lee Walsh. His assistant is Allison Amber, who is shown to despise her job. Unlike his comic-self, he usually loses and is heavily abused through the series. He appears in all but one episode. He is voice acted by Liquid Chris in some episodes.
Sonichu - Chris's "son" and Rosechu's boyfriend. He has a sexual relationship with Chris, and seems to love/hate Rosechu- one minute they will be engaged in sexual activity and show they care for each other, the next minute he is abusing/killing her for trivial reasons. He can be very naïve at times, with a fun-loving nature yet very dirty mind. He appears in all but one episode.
Rosechu - the possible "daughter" of Chris and girlfriend of Sonichu. She is very airheaded and is regularly beaten (and usually by Sonichu). She appears in almost every episode.
Mary Lee Walsh - The main antagonist of the series, though she is not in many of the episodes. She is depicted a blonde, curvy, evil, and sexy witch who has a devil tail and horns. In contrast to her appearance, Mary has a manly and raspy Brooklyn accent. Unlike her real life and comic self, she appears to be very young, presumably in her late 20's-early 30's. She is under orders of Count Graduon, but talks back to him and usually ends up shoving the staff up herself. She becomes Chris's rival in the mayoral elections.
Count Graduon - Mary's superior and talking staff. Despite his authority, he is subject to Mary's abuse, mainly being shoved inside her when she is angered by him. Graduon is destroyed by Mary in episode 10, although he makes a brief cameo in episode 11.
Magi-Chan In Season 1, he is depicted as a sophisticated intellectual, not putting up with the other's shenanigans and warning Bubbles of Silvana's disguise. In Season 2, he is a gay mad-scientist. Magi Chan develops a major role in the finale, sending Chris into his own body via the duck to find the source of his illness following a potentially fatal navy consumption.
Allison Amber - Chris's secretary who hates her job and is not fond of her employer, due to the sexual harassment she suffers under him. Her duties include wiping Chris when he craps himself from stress, cleaning his duck, and doing loads of paperwork while he has sex with a blowup doll. She runs the mayoral elections in episode 10.
Minor
These characters appear briefly in the series. Many of them originate from the comics or are involved in the many sagas of Chris's life.
Jerkop - Only appears in the first two episodes briefly to try and take Chris and friends down. He appears to be a racist interpretation- as Sonichu points out he is a black Jerkop, and the Jerkop orders the trio to buy him KFC. He ends up sexually assaulting Chris and pees on him.
Angelica Rosechu - Only appears in episodes 5 and 8, Her debut appearance shows her at a tea party between her, Bubbles, (presumably) Lolisa, and Chris. She talks about a disturbing dream she has involving God before declaring it tea time. In episode 8, she is seen at Rosechu's surprise party, telling Bubbles she bought the birthday girl a new shaver. Later, she is at the beach with the gang and flies through the air, only to be shot by Punchy's harpoon, her
corpse unconscious body being dragged off by Punchy so he can have sex with her.
Bubbles Rosechu - Only appears in episodes 5 and 8. She has a non-speaking role in episode 5 at the tea party, and later is seen in episode 8 at the surprise party. She sneaks away to her boyfriend Blake's treehouse to give him a cupcake for his birthday. At the beach, she breaks Blake's arm after he kicks sand at her and her friends. She is fooled by Silvana/Sean Connery's disguise as Blake as she prepares to have sex with him, despite warnings from Magi and Jiggliami. When confronted by Connery, she brings out her counter-attack- Patrick Stewart.
Punchy Sonichu - Only appears in episode 8. At the beach, he ogles over Angelica and shoots her down with a harpoon gun, dragging her unconscious body away to have sex on. He is depicted as an Asian stereotype.
Wild Sonichu - Only seen in episodes 5-8. He is briefly seen in episode 5 before being hit by the Ghost Buggy. In episode 6 and 8, he has a hill-billy like voice and appears quite dumb. When Chris starts up his band, Wild volunteers to play the Sit and Spin (A child's toy). When they are booed at the show later on, Wild is hit by a brick. In episode 7, he gets a more mature role in a Metal Gear Solid Snake-like appearance, getting a gruff voice and annoyed by Sonichu. He smokes a handful of cigarettes at once, then makes out and has sexual intercourse with a box (offscreen). In episode 8, he is with Punchy as he oogles Angelica, to which Wild seems indifferent with.
Bionic - Appears in episodes 5 and 8. He makes a brief appearance in episode 5 as he throws a basketball at Megan to save Chris, then running off to his girlfriend, Megagi. In episode 8, he is overly excited for Rosechu's party, and sexually assaults Magi Chan.
Silvana - Only appears in episode 8. She overhears Bubbles and Blake about to have sex at the beach, so she morphs into Bubbles to 'spread her STDs' onto the couple. She meets Blake outside the store where he has a bag of condoms. After their offscreen sex, she reveals herself from her Bubbles disguise to reveal Sean Connery. She then disguises as Blake to do the same to Bubbles, but is stopped by multiple warnings from other characters.
Black Sonichu/Blake - Appears in episodes 1 and 8. In the first episode, he is seen having sex with a blowup doll in the middle of the walkway, with a slight racist cutaway as him depicted as a chimp. He and Sonichu get into a verbal spat over his actions until Chris breaks up the fight. In episode 8, he is seen at Rosechu's party, then later at his treehouse when his girlfriend, Bubbles, brings him a cupcake to celebrate his birthday. He is later seen at the beach kicking sand at the girls, but has his arm broken by Bubbles. He has sex with Silvana, who is disguised as Bubbles, and is kicked high in the air after learning the truth.
Nintendo Executives - Only in episode 3. After a sexual act, Chris sends his video game idea of Sonichu and him to the Nintendo Executives, only to be harshly yelled at and turned down by the executives. The executive then craps on Chris and gives him salmonella. In real life, Chris actually sent Nintendo a Sonichu video game idea, only to be turned down for many reasons- one being copyright with SEGA.
Beel - Only in episode 7. A devil receptionist to the 4-cent garbage building. He has a stereotypical voice and only allows Sonichu and Rosechu to pass once Sonichu does "a little favor" for him.
Jason - Only in episode 7. Head of the 4-cent building. A 20 year old troll who slanders others, commits small crimes, and has a 17 year old sex slave who warmly greets the pair. He is attacked by Rosechu in her Lioness form and only kept alive by dark forces.
Notable Mentions
The characters unseen/have little to no speaking role or impact on an episode's plot, but are significant in the comics/saga
Megan - Only appears in episodes 1, 4-6. At the end of episode 1, she is mentioned to be trapped in a mirror. By episode 4, she is freed when Mary Lee Walsh sets off a charger in Chris's house. She wields Yu-Gi-Oh cards to challenge her captor, Chris. At the start of episode 5, she appears to have the upper hand, but is knocked out by Bionic's basketball. She is presumably the girl in Chris's dream in episode 6, ogling over a muscular Chris and declaring herself Chris's boyfriend-free girlfriend before Chris wakes up.
Megagi La Skunk - Bionic's girlfriend. She appears momentarily in episode 5 to ask Bionic to help shave her mustache.
Jimmy Hill - is only mentioned in the end of episode 4. The narrator asks if Jimmy Hill will every assert his righteousness.
Ivy and Layla - only mentioned in Episode 9. Chris touches a picture of them, referring to Ivy as the "incident"
B-Manajerk - He appears very briefly in one episode being beaten up by Chris in a dream.
Jiggliami - Appears very briefly in episode 8. She tries to warn Bubbles of the fake Blake, but is punched out by Bubbles.
DJ Jamsta - Appears briefly in episode 8. He is on the beach with his radio show, then once off the air, calls someone over to suck him off.
Man in the pickle suit - Appears extremely briefly, as in a split second and then never mentioned again.
Bob and Barb - Appear for a few frames in episode 11 depicted as the internet lumberjack and Snorlax, respectively.
Celebrities
Ray Charles - Only appears in episode 7. When Jason throws Sonichu and Rosechu out of the building, a cartoon of Ray Charles and 3 female background singers appear to sing "Hit The Road, Jack!" During his singing, Charles is knocked out by Jason.
Sean Connery - Only appears in episode 8. Silvana, disguised as Bubbles, reveals herself to Blake post-sex, only to reveal Sean Connery. He duels against Bubbles, but is stopped by Patrick Stewart, who sends him to Scotland.
Patrick Stewart - Only appears in episode 8. When Sean Connery reveals himself and challenges Bubbles, Patrick Stewart is brought in to stop him. Stewart transforms into the Enterprise and blasts Connery to Scotland.
Abraham Lincoln - Only appears in episode 8. When Magi Chan and Jiggliami warn Bubbles of the false Blake, Lincoln manages to convince her of the truth because he's Lincoln.
BILLY MAYS - Only appears in episode 10. He challenges Chris in the mayoral race. BILLY MAYS is loved by the town, but loses to Soulja Boy. After the conclusion of the election, BILLY ascends to the "Big Washing Machine In The Sky."
Soulja Boy - Only appears in episode 10. He becomes the new mayor of CWCville.
Kanye West - Only appears in episode 10. He interrupts Soulja Boy during his acceptance speech as mayor, referencing his real-life interruption of Taylor Swift at the 2009 VMA Awards.
Theme Song
Just like Chris's comics and the animated series itself, the theme song of the show has nothing to do with Sonichu and instead entirely focuses on Chris's eccentric and deplorable behavior.
“
SON-III-CHUUUUU AH!
Fuckhead Christian Weston Chandler is the mayor of CWCville
He's got a lot of things to do, GOT A LOT OF CHINA TO STEEAAAL!
Mary Lee Walsh is always waiting to ruin his fun
With the Chaotic Combo at his side, the day is always won
WELL CUM 2 CWCVILLE, WE INVITE YOU TO SWALLOW SOME SPERM!
CHRIS IS STRAIGHT WE GUARENTEE!
There are no girls allowed. . . UNLESS YOU'RE BOYFRIEND FREE!
HE DOESN'T LIKE THE BLACKIES, AND GOD SAYS GAYS SHOULD DIE,
AND IF YOU SEE HIM SITTING AT A TABLE, WELL YOU BETTER READ HIS SIGN!
SON-I-CHU!
”
Sonichu: The Animated Series theme song
Episode Synopses
Episode 1
Episode one opens with a narrator welcoming the viewer to CWCville, where "the love is forbidden and the population of virgins is 98%". After 4 hours of anal sex, Sonichu and Rosechu walk to meet chris Chris and run into Blake, who is publicly having sex with a blowup doll. Sonichu and him get into a spat, and Chris shows up to stop the nonsense. Sonichu is excited by his father's appearance as a 'censored' image fills the screen, as the narrator verbally depicts Sonichu sucking on Chris's manboobs. A Jerkop (a black one!) appears to stop their intimacy.
The episode ends on this cliffhanger, the Narrator asking the audience if the Jerkop will be stopped, if Megan will be freed from the mirror, and if the seven Sonichus will ever be found. The first and second conflicts are resolved later on in the series, and the third is a nod to Dragon Ball Z, never further elaborated on past the joke. This end format is pulled straight from DBZ itself and most of the first few episodes end with rhetorical questions which are never answered.
Episode 2
The episode opens with Sonichu and Rosechu ready to fight the Jerkop, who orders them to buy him KFC. Chris steps in and uses his Sonichu medallion to transform into Chris-chan Sonichu (depicted as Chris with a blue Pikachu-ear hat) and fight. Chris is raped and urinated on (censored cuz of YouTube, of course). The aftermath shows Chris laying facedown covered in filth, declaring "all in a day's work!" The Next Day, the trio are at the mall, Chris being seen with the straw and sign. Chris is angry that his profane and racist sign has not gotten him laid yet:
“
Hey there Girls,
Lookin for a girl whos into 27 Years Virgins, who still piss themselves and has a tiny lopsided penis.
No Darkies >:(
”
Chris's sign
Sonichu inspects the sign and agrees that it's "bulletproof." As Chris starts to leave, a ninja suddenly appears and grabs Chris's medallion, stealing it by shoving it up his ass.
Episode 3
After a recap of the last episode, the episode 3 kicks things off with an orgy between Sonichu, Rosechu, and Chris. Chris exclaims it would be great if an orgy like that were a game. With encouragement from Sonichu, Chris sends in his idea and meets with Nintendo executives. They harshly turn him down, while Chris naively believes they will consider his Sonichu idea. Off-screen, the executive defecates on Chris's face and Chris ends up in the hospital with salmonella.
Episode 4
Episode 4, "Chris Chan Saves the Planet (Not Really)" begins with an attempt at a recap of the last episode before cutting to Chris in his room playing Guitar Hero. Chris thanks Sonichu fans for helping him win a GameStop gift card and how he now has the chance of appearing in a future Guitar Hero game. He goes on the internet to check on his fans. Watching an episode of The Animated Series, Chris becomes angry and craps himself. Chris then checks on his LittleBigPlanet level and finds that he is at the bottom of the ratings.
Mary Lee Walsh makes her first appearance in the animated series, breaking into the house via the window and declaring that though he beat her up in Soulcalibur 3, he can't do it IRL. Chris Chan instructs Sonichu to attack. The scene cuts to footage of a brown bear standing in a river with dramatic backing music. That scene cuts to Mary Lee Walsh again, who begins to melt for some reason. Before she is completely dissolved, Mary presses a button that sets off a charger beneath the house. The explosion breaks the glass the mirror (mentioned in Episode 1) that Megan had been trapped in and frees her. Megan declares Chris is going down and wields her Yu-Gi-Oh cards.
Episode 5
The episode begins with Megan about to deliver the finishing blow to Chris in a Yu-Gi-Oh battle, when Bionic throws a basketball at her face, killing her. Chris greets Bionic and asks how he is. Bionic tells him he has been sucking his girlfriend's dick. Chris sighs, saying Bionic is lucky to have a girlfriend. Megagi la Skunk appears, and Bionic leaves to "tend to the beast."
Meanwhile, at the PVCC, The ninja from episode 2 appears and Mary asks if he has acquired Chris's the medallion. Upon learning he shoved it up his ass but did not record it, Mary explodes, saying the video was for her sexual pleasure. She fires crabs from her vagina at the ninja, who screams in agony.
The episode cuts to Chris, Bubbles, presumably Lolisa, and Angelica having a tea party. Angelica goes off about a dream she recently had in which God appeared, and told her he was going to fuck her, and he could do so because he was God and he made her. After that, she breaks out of her briefly psychotic state and happily declares tea time. Wild comes in, but is suddenly run over by the Ghost Buggy.
Episode 6
After a dream sequence in which he is muscular and drooled over by Megan, Chris wakes up. He cries out in anger over this, and a poster of My Little Pony Gen. 3 Pinkie Pie talks to Chris. Chris laments his sexual frustration to the pony. Pinkie Pie mentions how girls like boys who play in bands, giving Chris the idea to form one. Sonichu offers to play percussion, Wild says he can play the Sit and Spin, and a random black guy offers to play the washboard.
The band starts to practice in a garage, using audio from Chris's Original Song. Wild comments how amazing they are as Chris wishes they had more popularity. Finding a random poster in a nearby steaming pile of dog shit, Chris declares it a sign from God himself. The scene cuts to the "CWClub" as Mayor Chris walks on stage. Only a few seconds after they start their performance, Christian and the Hedgehog Boys are quickly booed; Wild receives a brick to the face. Chris thanks everyone for their donations and is hit by a brick.
Episode 7
The longest episode in the first season, episode 7 is based on Sonichu issue 8, episode 17. True to its influence, the episode begins with Sonichu and Rosechu about to engage in sexual activity. Chris pauses the scene to fill the audience in on Sonichu/Rosechu anatomy. He describes how- much like it's explained in the comic- Sonichu penises are in their stomachs, and they must tilt forward and have the genitals slip out "like a Pez Dispenser" to obtain a boner. Chris then moves onto Rosechu anatomy- they have giant airbags on their chest (he should know, he has a lot of sex dolls).
The episode mercifully skips the sex scene. After coitus, Rosechu calls Sonichu over to show him a Slanderous Website that drags their image and Chris's reputation through muck. An enraged Rosechu grabs a camera, ranting about how she's going to go take nudes and nobody is going to photoshop a penis on her. Once she's gone, Sonichu starts to jerk off to the images found on the site.
Sonichu and Rosechu make it inside the building and look around. A flamboyantly voiced Beel notices the pair. Sonichu says that he and his "GF" have a meeting with Jason. Beel demands that Sonichu suck his dick in order for them to advance. On the elevator ride up, an upset Rosechu glares at a navy-glazed Sonichu. After the couple arrive at Jason's floor (apparently the CEO of 4cent), who is a 20-year-old troll with an underage sex slave. He shows the pair pictures of him committing small crimes such as littering, carving his name into a public bathroom wall whilst shitting, and
streaking jaywalking in a busy intersection. These crimes horrify Sonichu but he is silenced by Jason, who reveals that Chris's ED page will never be taken down. Jason throws a pickle at Rosechu, telling her to play with it. She picks up the pickle and crushes it in her hand, morphing into The Incredible Lioness before yelling, "I AM WOMAN, HEAR ME ROAR!!!" and lunging at 4cent's CEO. Jason screams in agony off-screen as Sonichu watches the carnage. After Rosechu returns to normal, Sonichu asks her out, to which she happily agrees.
Jason survives Rosechu's attack due to dark forces which keep him alive, but he is never seen in the series afterwards.
Episode 8
Episode 8 is based off Sonichu issue 8 episode 18, including a parody of the beach scene and the inclusion of Silvana Rosechu. The episode opens up with the Chaotic combo throwing a surprise party for Rosechu's 19th birthday. Bubbles Rosechu prepares to meet Blake over at his treehouse and gives him a cupcake, as it's his birthday as well. Blake can only respond by telling Bubbles to sit on his face.
The next morning, the Sonichus and Rosechus all hold a beach party. Silvana Rosechu overhears Blake's plans to have sex with Bubbles. In an effort to spread her STDs, she shapeshifts into Bubbles and meets up with Blake. After "five panels of grotesque bum-sex," Blake comments how awesome she was, only for her to reveal that she was Sean Connery in disguise. Connery proceeds to kick Blake far out into the ocean. Meanwhile, a very "AZN AMARIKN" Punchy and Wild Sonichu ogle over Angelica as she happily flies through the air. Punchy shoots Angelica out of the sky with a harpoon gun, and Punchy exits to have poop sex with her body. The real Bubbles finds Silvana disguised as Blake, and prepares for sex with him. Magi-chan telepathically warns her that Blake is a fake, but she is unconvinced. Jiggliami also warns it's a trap, but Bubbles punches her out of the way. However, Abraham Lincoln is able to get through to her. Sean Connery reveals himself, declaring that he is unbeatable. Bubbles summons Patrick Stewart, who transforms into the USS Enterprise and launches Connery all the way back to Scotland while the Chaotic Combo cheer.
Episode 9
The episode opens as Chris furiously masturbates to Transformers, jizzing in a cup of Long Island Ice tea and recycling it. Sonichu and Rosechu walk in from "their night of activities." Rosechu is greatly concerned for Chris Chan, as he is still recovering from "the incident." Sonichu recommends he put himself out there, as Chris begins searching for a job. He fails an interview for going off on a tangent about Sonichu, and is rejected by a convenience store for attempting to flirt with the manager. Ultimately, he obliviously stumbles upon a gay bar. After showing some concern regarding black homosexuals kissing in the corner, he accepts the job. Sonichu and Rosechu arrive to congratulate him, but they find out the truth and warn Chris that he's working at a gay bar. The final scene is of Chris recording a Captain's Log, reassuring his viewers that he is straight, having done nothing overtly homosexual during his tenure there, and that he is not "that brown-shirted imposter."
Episode 10
Allison begins to complain about Chris's lack of mayoral duties, and accidentally walks in on him having sex with Julie. As she declines his offer to join in, a brick is suddenly thrown through the window of the office, revealing an angry mob of citizens demanding an impeachment. Chris reassures Allison that everything is fine and the citizens love him. BILLY MAYS breaks into the building, proclaiming himself as a contender for the position of CWCville mayor. Mary Lee Walsh hears the news and decides to run against Chris as well. Allison goes out to calm the angry mob, officially declaring a new mayoral election- the candidates being Chris, BILLY, and Walsh. The next day, contenders vie for votes. Chris is creating hand-drawn posters and attempts to get the attention of a local civilian. The man says he is voting for Mary Lee Walsh since she is going to suck him off. Chris jumps at the idea of free china, but Sonichu talks him out of it. Meanwhile, BILLY MAYS holds a rally, throwing an Oxi Clean ball at a dying cancer patient to the civilians' excitement.
The next day, all the votes are tallied. Allison's announcement of Soulja Boy as the election winner is interrupted by BILLY MAYS yet again, who ascends to the Big Washing Machine in the Sky. Frustrated that she did not win, Walsh smashes the staff Graduon is held in, releasing a white light that consumes all of CWCville (and possibly the Earth). A time portal is created, and it flashes scenes from the series, ending the first season.
Episode 11
After drinking his navy, Chris experiences some sort of medical emergency and is taken to Magi-Chan who informs him that the only way to cure his woes is to clone and shrink himself so he can enter his own urethra. Inside Chris finds a peaceful society of sperm. Upon discovery, Chris is tried for mass murder (because of his recycling). In the trial, the sperm mock Chris and are ready to sentence him to death for destroying their chances of entering a woman. Before he can be executed, Magi-Chan interrupts remotely and in exchange for a pardon for Chris, teleports them to Lady Gaga's china. The sperm find African American sperm who perform
"Where the Womb at?" in a parody of DMX's "Where the hood at?" Back at Magi-Chan's office, Magi-Chan declares Chris's health has improved greatly, despite the original Chris exploding. The series ends with Chris throwing back another glass of navy.
Reception and Impact
The animated series was met with positive reception, with many claiming it to be the best-animated representation of Chris Chan. However, some trolls hated the show because they were worried it would bring more awareness to Chris due to its popularity. The YouTube video containing the entire series has over 800,000 views.
The series served as an introduction to Chris for many. Midnight Moonflower – who would become a friend of Chris – first learned of his existence through the series.
References
↑ https://youtu.be/PXdpSksFBok?t=878
↑ Vanessa AIM Chat 3
↑ Arthur Spatchcock Interview 2
↑ December 2020 social media posts#Chris begs for money
External links
Playlist of the first season.
Playlist of the second season.
Video containing the entire series.
Original versions of the first two episodes.
Spazkid's retrospective on the series.
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonichu_the_Animated_Series_(Spazkid)&oldid=341153"