Title: Sonichu 2
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sonichu_2
Categories: Articles of the Now, Sonichu comic book issues
================================================================================

“
Sonichu Comic Book #2
”
Chris's title for his file of the comic[1]
Sonichu #2
Cover Date:
24 April 2005
Finished:
3 May 2005
Page Count:
45
Episodes:
7-9
Sub-Episodes:
3
Sonichu Comics
PreviousSonichu #1
NextSonichu #3
Sonichu #2 is the third Sonichu comic. This is where the comic begins to focus mostly on Chris, with Sonichu as a side character, though it doesn't complete this progression until issue 4.
This issue introduces one of the bigger MacGuffins in Sonichu canon, the "Anchuent Prophecy" that by predicting future events, somehow also causes them to inexplicably occur. Having addressed Sonic and the introduction of Black Sonichu in the previous issue, Chris's next urgent business is to get down to addressing his feelings from his awkward love triangle with Sarah Hammer and Wes Iseli, via this trilogy in which they turn into furries and are forced to team up to attack a giant monster. Note that Chris completed this entire issue in under two weeks – a blistering pace compared to his later efforts – suggesting that his heart was most into his work when he was using it to talk about himself.
By the end of Sonichu #2, both Mary Lee Walsh and Count Graduon are firmly established as the primary villains of the series... at least until the trolls show up.
Contents
1 Episode 7: Sonichu in "Anchuent Prophecy"
1.1 Analysis
1.2 Advertisement 1
2 Episode 8: Christian Chandler in "Chaos & Serenity"
2.1 Analysis
2.2 Advertisement 2
3 Episode 9: Chris-Chan, Saramah, & Wes-Li in "The Evil that Stomped CWCville"
3.1 Analysis
3.2 Dedication Page
4 Sub-Episode 3: Christian Chandler & Sonichu in "Witch Confront"
4.1 Analysis
4.2 Back Cover
5 Comic pages
6 See also
7 References
8 External links
Episode 7: Sonichu in "Anchuent Prophecy"
Resources
Anchuent Prophecy
Primary:
Facebook:
Episode 7
CWCipedia:
Episode 7
Videobooks:
Episode 7
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Episode 7
Audiobooks:
Episode 7
Cherokees often look like white mutant children in Roman body armour.
Sonichu is zapping to the extreme in a field somewhere near CWCville when he discovers a strange rock formation. The largest of the three rocks has a cave-like opening, with the other two rocks in front of it. Sonichu notices a hedgehog-looking insignia on one of the smaller rocks and pauses to read its inscription: "Only the Creature, and his Master, of the Prophecy may enter the Destiny Cave."
Just then, the other rock is revealed to actually be a mysterious old man, who explains that he is the Keeper of the Destiny Cave. He instantly recognizes Sonichu as the Creature of the Prophecy and explains that Sonichu's true original creator can enter the Destiny Cave to unlock a special power. Sonichu zaps back home to tell this to Christian, who inexplicably then tells it back to him. They then leave for the cave.
Here they learn the Anchuent Prophecy of the Cherokian Clan, which tells of how the clan's leader would be reincarnated as someone who "gives birth" to an Electric Hedgehog Pokémon. This reincarnated chieftain would then come to the Destiny Cave and release the powers of his past life, as well as the powers of his queen and rival. The reincarnations of these three people would receive their released powers, allowing them to transform into Electric Hedgehog Pokémon to battle an ancient evil that was inadvertently released by Sonichu's discovery of the cave.
Deciding that he will need the ancient powers to defeat the ancient evil, Chris fulfills the Anchuent Prophecy by placing his homemade Sonichu medallion on an ancient pedestal in the ancient center of the ancient cave. As the Keeper says the magic words "Anoz aelc amulp oerc ikabmol ah ah!" the medallion levitates and returns to Chris's neck, causing him to experience a vision. Chris speaks with his ancestor, who was in life his identical-looking Cherokee great-great-grandfather, who is blue-eyed and clad in Roman armor. This ancestor warns Chris that his rival will try to fight him, but his lady friend will show up to help.
Chris tries out his new powers, and when he awakes from the vision he finds he has been transformed into Chris-Chan Sonichu, an electric hedgehog that almost looks like a blue version of Sonichu. Chris-Chan is pleased by this development, but Sonichu is disturbed and asks that they both zap out of the cave.
Elsewhere, mystic energies rain down upon the homes of Wes Iseli and Sarah Hammer, delivering enchanted totems of ancient power...
Analysis
This is the start of Sonichu ceasing to be about its title character and instead focusing on its creator, Chris. The Anchuent Prophecy proves to be confusing, and further retcons will make it even more so. Also, the name "Anchuent Prophecy" itself. Not unreasonably, readers assumed for the longest time that this was a typo or misspelling of "Ancient" as Chris proves to be incompetent at basic spelling, but its consistency eventually led people to realize that it was actually a bad pun.
Advertisement 1
The makers of AXE purchase an ad with a highly revealing message to consumers: smell so great, it's almost like you bathed!
Episode 8: Christian Chandler in "Chaos & Serenity"
Resources
Chaos & Serenity
Primary:
Facebook:
Episode 8
CWCipedia:
Episode 8
Videobooks:
Episode 8
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Episode 8
Audiobooks:
Episode 8
Wes Iseli experiences a vision very similar to Chris's, in which he meets his past self, a member of the Wasabi Clan, naturally wearing a robe and wizard hat. Just as the Cherokee leader had said, his Wasabi rival is only concerned with their old grudge and instructs Wes to use the power of the Fireshock Pendant to seek revenge against Christian. Since Chris was once jealous of Wes, this provides the perfect impetus for Wes to want to kill Chris, so he accepts this mission and transforms into the orange Wes-Li Sonichu, and undergoes training during his vision.
Artist's interpretation.
Sarah Hammer also experiences a vision, wherein she meets the Queen of the Cherokee Clan. The Queen tells Sarah that she must use her Lightning Bracelets to bring serenity to the other hedgehogs of the prophecy, whom she does not identify for some reason. Sarah transforms into Saramah Rosechu and also trains to use her newfound powers.
Instead of receiving training from his ancestor, Chris-Chan Sonichu has been instructed in the use of his powers by Sonichu. The only thing they can't figure out is how to change Chris-Chan back to Christian Chandler until Sonichu gives his father an awkward pat on the chest. By touching the pattern in Chris-Chan's fur shaped like his medallion, Sonichu accidentally changes Chris back to normal. Unfortunately, this has left Chris vulnerable, as Wes-Li has arrived to destroy him. Saramah is not far off, but will not arrive in time to prevent the fight.
Chris and Sonichu are able to avoid Wes-Li's initial attacks until the orange hedgehog reveals himself as the rival foretold in the prophecy. Once Chris realizes that Wes-Li is Wes Iseli, they stop fighting long enough to air their grievances, not realizing that Saramah is eavesdropping. Chris admits he was jealous for Sarah, while Wes-Li rambles on about the coveted Cherokian crown. Saramah is, of course, awed and elated by Chris's jealousy. Wes-Li finally resumes the battle, but Chris counters (completely inexplicably) with Yu-Gi-Oh! cards, which buys him time to transform back into Chris-Chan. The two furries trade uninspired anime attacks until Wes-Li lands a Sky Uppercut to Chris-Chan's chin, allowing Wes-Li to obtain the Cherokian crown, which materialized out of nowhere immediately prior.
Before Wes-Li can finish Chris off, Saramah finally bothers to intervene, shooting arrows into Wes-Li's body that pin him against a non-sacred tree.
Analysis
Even ignoring the white Native Americans and Wasabi tribe, this episode still blows. Uninteresting characters, a big non-joke that can be seen in the picture, and the non-sacred tree being a reference that loses its meaning unless you're in the know, and the intended audience for this is most likely not. Wes-Li's Cherokian Crown motivation only exists to make Chris look better (as he's being "honest" about his feelings towards Sarah while Wes-Li is only concerned with a material good), and their fight uses previously unseen Yu-Gi-Oh! cards because Chris was into them at the time. Then Wes-Li somehow retrieves the Crown from Chris after the fight, even though it was never previously mentioned that Chris had it nor was it seen on his person, and to top this mess of a scene off, Saramah only bothers to shoot Wes-Li right when he's about to deal the killing blow, throwing significant doubt on how much she actually cares about Chris.
Advertisement 2
Sonichu appears with a milk-mustache, to support the California Milk Processor Board.
Episode 9: Chris-Chan, Saramah, & Wes-Li in "The Evil that Stomped CWCville"
Resources
The Evil that Stomped CWCville
Primary:
Facebook:
Episode 9
CWCipedia:
Episode 9
Videobooks:
Episode 9
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Episode 9
Audiobooks:
Episode 9
Having saved Chris-Chan's ass, Saramah returns to him the Cherokian crown that he didn't own in the first place. She then reads the riot act to Wes-Li, allowing him and Chris-Chan to recognize that she is Sarah Hammer. Outraged over the way Wes-Li has treated her bestest friend ever, Saramah yanks her lightning arrows right out of his chest, and breaks up with him on the spot. Wes-Li cries and pouts until Saramah reminds the trio of their duty to stop the prophesied evil. Just then, Sonichu reappears for the first time in, like, a week to tell Chris-Chan that Rosechu called to say a rock monster is attacking CWCville. Chris sends Sonichu on ahead, and Saramah uses her powers to levitate the others in floating bubbles.
Meanwhile, in CWCville, it is apparent that the giant golem monster is being directed by Chris's old nemesis Mary Lee Walsh, riding a broom and armed with a scepter possessed by an ancient spirit. The spirit gloats that, despite having been imprisoned for centuries by the Cherokian and Wasabi clans, he will have his revenge and rule the world. When the hedgehogs arrive, Saramah asks for Chris-Chan's opinion based on his familiarity with the comic world they're all now inhabiting. Chris vaguely suggests that large monsters always have weak knees, which is just a throwaway gag from an episode of Excel Saga that made a lot more sense in context. Wes-Li is thoroughly depressed by Saramah breaking up with him and is utterly useless. Chris, who would never surrender to self-pity, gives Wes-Li a pep talk.
All this time, Rosechu has been spending Sonichu's hard-earned money at CWCville Mall instead of defending her city and home. She stands around, hoping Sonichu and Chris-Chan will be alright since, as a female, she cannot possibly be of any real assistance.
In this panel, Saramah and Wes-Li attack the golem while Chris-Chan smokes a massive joint.
The three Electric Hedgehogs employ a three-pronged attack, with Saramah shooting arrows into its eyes, Chris-Chan attacking its heart spot, and Wes-Li firing up the aforementioned weak knees. Their combined forces stagger the golem, and Chris leads them in their Team Blast maneuver, the Blue Fireball Attack, for the win. With the golem destroyed, they face down Mary Lee Walsh, but she elects to retreat while the talking scepter casually introduces itself as the ancient evil, Count Graduon. Sonichu finally shows up, having arrived too late for his entire self-titled series, although he has Rosechu in tow, suggesting he stopped off for a quickie on the way. The three prophesied hedgehogs revert to their human states and Chris summons a cab to take them back to his mayoral office.
Later, in Chris's bedroom, he and Sarah discuss their adventure and catch up on old times. Chris spies an opening now that Wes is out of the picture, and it just so happens Sarah is thinking about a new man in her life... named William.
In a coda to this issue, Chris dedicates the story to the real-life Sarah Hammer, his best friend in the whole wide world. Judging from the tribute page, he doesn't seem to know anything about her beyond age ten.
Analysis
Well, it's not really that different in quality from the rest of the issue. Sonichu barely even appears, and the golem fight is anti-climatic. It'll take a while for the comic to get really bizarre.
Dedication Page
Chris gives the short, short-version of Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares in a single page dedication.
Sub-Episode 3: Christian Chandler & Sonichu in "Witch Confront"
Resources
Witch Confront
Primary:
Facebook:
Sub-Episode 3
CWCipedia:
Sub-Episode 3
Videobooks:
Sub-Episode 3
Secondary:
Sonichu Site:
Sub-Episode 3
This story is an expanded, redrawn version of the 18 March 2004 comic strip seen in Sonichu 0.
Chris and Sonichu break into an old woman's house unprovoked and obliterate her for making potions and giggling evilly. What heroes.
Following her brief, unexplained appearances in Episode 9, Chris's narration quickly gives Mary Lee Walsh a proper introduction, explaining that she tore up his Attraction Sign, shattered his heart, and hurt his soul in the early months of his Love Quest. He resolves that Mary Lee must be stopped before she hurts others.
Despite his ancestor advising him to use his powers responsibly to protect innocents, Chris-Chan Sonichu commences an unprovoked invasion of Mary Lee Walsh's office at the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens, while she is stirring some potion in a boiling cauldron. Chris-Chan makes a token effort to suggest he's here for the safety of the public, but it's obvious he's just avenging Christian Weston Chandler. Walsh mocks Chris-Chan's corny old Sailor Moon poses and attacks him with dark magic, but Chris-Chan counters with Thunderbolt, Double Team, and Mirror Coat.
Seeing that their magical attacks are too evenly matched for her to gain the upper hand, Walsh invites Chris to hand-to-hand combat. Chris assures us he's never hit a woman (since women are weak and stupid), but since she's asking for it, he strikes her with a Mach Punch. The blow from a super-powered hedgehog doesn't faze her, however, and she responds with a kick to the crotch. Chris-Chan tries a Mega Kick, but, Walsh strikes him with her pitchfork and somehow presses his transformation spot without completely impaling him.
Chris reverts to human form and lays prone on the ground, as Mary Lee Walsh puts two and two together: Chris-Chan Sonichu is secretly Christian Weston Chandler. Having shattered his heart, defeated him in battle, and discovered his secret identity, Walsh decides there's nothing left to do but kill Chris. Before the final blow is struck, however, Sonichu intervenes, revealing that he has been watching the whole time in case his father needed help. Chris quickly recovers and together they deliver their final attack. As Walsh cackles maniacally, Chris casts Curse-ye-ha-me-ha while Sonichu uses Thunder; the combined energy appears to destroy Mary Lee, as she screams into oblivion. Or does she...?
Analysis
Another Sub-episode, and it's nothing new at this point. All we get is an origin for Walsh, which amounts to her being a witchier version of the real Mary Lee Walsh.
Back Cover
In the original releases of Sonichu #2, the back cover featured a personal army request from CWC, where he asks his fans to start a grass-roots campaign to get Nintendo to recognize and embrace the Sonichu franchise.
In the CWCipedia version, however, the back cover message has been replaced with the ad for Sonichu Adventure.
Comic pages
Issue 2
Cover
Disclaimer
Episode 7: Anchuent Prophecy
Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Page 5
Page 6
Page 7
Page 8
Page 9 (Axe advertisement)
Episode 8: Chaos & Serenity
Page 10
Page 11
Page 12
Page 13
Page 14
Page 15
Page 16
Page 17
Page 18
Page 19
Page 20
Page 21
Page 22
Page 23 (Lady of peace, shooting boyfriends in the chest).
Page 24 (Got Milk? advertisement)
Episode 9: The Evil that Stomped CWCville
Page 25
Page 26
Page 27
Page 28
Page 29
Page 30
Page 31
Page 32
Page 33
Page 34
Page 35
Page 36(Original dedication)
Sub-Episode 3: Witch Confront
Page 37
Page 38
Page 39
Page 40
Page 41
Page 42
Page 43
Page 44
Original Back Cover
Revisions
Page 26(Revised dedication)
Revised Back Cover
See also
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on the Sonichu Comic Collection
Cherokian Clan
Sarah Hammer
Mary Lee Walsh
References
↑ File:Sonichupdfproperties2.png
External links
Download this episode as a .zip file
Download the CBR to read the comic the way godbear intended
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sonichu_2&oldid=334051"