Title: Supporting Sarah May
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Supporting_Sarah_May
Categories: Category, Julie Saga
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
On 17 February 2009, after a long chat session on Mumble, Chris along with Julie called Clyde Cash to ask for help on the situation involving Sarah May's suicide attempt on Skype.
Over a decade later, two audio recordings of the call were leaked by Statustjej on 27 October 2025, which they claimed to have uncovered from a file named "30 minutes of nothing at all.zip".
Contents
1 Audio
2 Transcript
2.1 rec bluespiketh 17 Feb 2009 20 08 47.mp3
2.2 rec bluespiketh 17 Feb 2009 20 48 26.mp3
3 Notes
Audio
Supporting Sarah May
Click to load content
Stardate
17 February 2009
Subject Matter
Tragedy Tragedy, Crazy Crazy, Galpals Gal Pals,Homos Homos,Sex Sex, Autism Autism
Saga
Julie Julie
Other
Leaked Leaked
Transcript
rec bluespiketh 17 Feb 2009 20 08 47.mp3
[Recording starts in the middle of conversation.]
Clyde: -heard something just went terribly wrong or somethin'.
Chris: Yeah. Uh...
Clyde: What- what happened?
Chris: Mmm... Well, yeah, there was like a talk- there was like conversation between, uh, Julie and Sarah May, and [sigh] things got a little chaotic emotionally and... we fear that- n- she and I fear that Sarah May may kill herself.
Clyde: W-what happened exactly?
Chris: [sigh] Couple times in the conversation when I was talking to Sarah, I w- I said Julie's name two or five times.
Clyde: My God, how can you make a mistake like that?
Julie: Chris, remember, he's trying to help us.
Chris: Yeah. I- I- I glad- I don't know how I could make a mistake like that. Just happened. [sigh] But- and I realized I made the mistake, I apologized deeply, and...
Clyde: Well, you shouldn't- you're not- you're not gonna apologize to me, you should be apologizing to Sarah May!
Chris: Yeah. You're right, I should apologize to Sarah May.
Julie: I think we should have a moment of silence for the hopefully alive Sarah May.
Chris: Yeah.
Clyde: I- I- I don't understand how you could make that mistake... Usually that kind of thing happens during sex, but not during conversation. My God...
Chris: Tell me about it.
Clyde: Di- I mean... [two consecutive sighs] this... this is difficult to think about. I mean, can you contact her now?
Chris: Yeah, I'm- I'm going to send her an email.
Clyde: Any quicker way? I mean, email would probably be too late.
Chris: Mm, well, let me see if she's on Skype... and if I could the thing-
Clyde: Will she answer?
Chris: Uh, I dunno. I'm lookin'. Uh, she's- mmm... oh, sh- uh, sh- it says here she's not available... on Skype. Oh jeez. She changed her, uh, subtitle s- her, uh, saying that goes under her picture, saying "I just can't take it anymore. Julie, I'm sorry."
Clyde: That's... probably not good. Ah, man. I don’t know- I don’t know what… if she’s dead, I don’t know what Sarah May’s family gonna do.
Chris: Yeah, I don’t know either.
Clyde: I mean, the whole Ryan Cash thing, man, my brother… The reason we didn’t go after you was because it was partially his fault as well but… I don’t know, this time you caused a mistake and-
Chris: Yeah, I did make a mistake. I made a false, uh accusation in pro- I made a false- false statement in protest of the ED page. It was-
Clyde: I know that. That’s the past. I’ve gotten over that, but-
Chris: That’s good.
Clyde: Sarah McKenzie, my future child. Don’t wanna bring that up. This is more important. Is there any other way you can contact her?
Chris: Hmm. I’m- I’m typing the m- I’m sending her the message on the Skype right now.
Clyde: If-
Chris: I do- It’s not like I have- I do not have her phone number.
Clyde: I don’t know what her family’s gonna do to you. They could be just ruthless. I mean, you’ve been in court before, right? Do you have any defense for yourself?
Chris: Hmm. Umm, what do you mean? Like, an attorney?
Clyde: Sure. I mean, if you’re gonna go to court over this- Making a mistake like that, it’s manslaughter. Accidental cause.
Chris: Umm. I don’t really have a lawyer of my own at this point, but I’m sure I can find one. If- If the- If- If anything arises from this.
Clyde: You know where?
Chris: I’m sorry, “I know where?”
Clyde: Do you know where to find one?
Chris: Yeah, there’s lawyers in Charlottes- There’s attorneys in Charlottesville.
Clyde: Well, hopefully you get a good one. You don’t wanna get a bad one for sure.
Chris: Okay.
Clyde: It’s different to win and lose a case, man. Wouldn't wanna see you go to prison.
Chris: Well, thank you. Thank you, Clyde
Clyde: Look, it’s been a long time since your mom’s been back home. Just started driving again. Driving- Driving- Driving, and I’ve given a lot of thought into, you know, my cousin’s been trying to help you for a while and I realize you need a lot more help than- I don’t know. You really need to seek more help.
Chris: I do not disagree with you. I do not disagree.
Clyde: I mean, you got that Rocky person.
Chris: Yeah, she’s a pastoral counselor at my church.
Clyde: Well, that’s more religious.
Chris: It’s like I confide in her as if she was a psychiatrist.
Clyde: How about another one? You gotta find, like, a-
Chris: She has a degree in that sort- In that field.
Clyde: But is she treating you with that degree? She’s been doing from- with religious stance, not from a psychological-
Chris: Yeah, she has.
Clyde: Do you know that for sure?
Chris: I know that because we have our meetings weekly.
Clyde: A psychiatrist would meet with you probably more often. I’ve only been to a psychiatrist once - maybe twice, I can’t remember - but it was a daily thing for about two weeks and then it was all done. You should probably find something like that: just a quick, intense session for a lot of things. Whatever’s on your mind.
Chris: Yeah, well, that’s- Rocky covers that field.
Clyde: But, like this is over her entire-
Chris: And plus- And plus, I can call her on my cellphone and talk about what’s on my mind as well.
Clyde: [sigh] Right after I told you about Sarah Mackenzie’s death, Julie told me that you went off to have sex with her or something.
Chris: [sigh]
Clyde: Why would you do that?
Chris: Okay, Clyde. I know it seems- I know it looks bad, but, you see, I heard about the fires in Australia the previous- the Sunday before from The Washington Post, so therefore- so the- I ha-
Clyde: Yeah, I know that.
Chris: So I got the tears and those emotions more less, uh, taken care of on that Sunday, and by the time you told me in the Mumble chat and, uh, you know… There was time between that and then uh- and then- And then befo- later when Julie and I, uh, talked at that time between you told me and that… I basically, uh, recovered since I got the majority of those sad emotions out of the way that Sunday previously.
Clyde: That seems like an awfully awful timing for that.
Chris: Yeah, I-
Clyde: And Julie’s been talking about these cyber sex things: that you shouldn't do it anymore, at least before marriage or something like that, but… She explained a ton. But the times you did do it, she said you seemed to have trouble, you know, “getting there”, you know what I mean?
Chris: I have trouble coming up with a good sugge- Good scenario.
Clyde: No, no, no, I mean, reaching, you know… Goddamnit.
Chris: I have reached an orgasm with Julie.
Clyde: “Reach an orgasm.” Man… But, it takes- She said it takes you a long time.
Chris: Well, because she’s not here in person. I tried usi-
Clyde: I mean, you got your imagination, man.
Chris: Well, sometimes my imagination doesn’t work as well as it could.
Clyde: Well, there’s things about the mind. Like you said, you had, like, random homosexual thoughts or something like that. Like, you had random thoughts. It’s possible to get rid of those, you know that, right?
Chris: Uh, yeah, to push them aside and try to get back to the issue at hand, yes.
Clyde: No, there’s an actual way to get rid of those kind thoughts. I mean, I've been driving people for a living. We often talk about these things. I got two cases like yours. I mean, like, what kinda thoughts do you have that interfere?
Chris: Like, it can be considered anything that’s different from the main topic, I guess, you know.
Clyde: Well, could you be specific because you know I’m able to help. I’ve helped a few people with this because I’ve actually, you know, had sex.
Chris: Alright, alright, alright.
Clyde: So I could help with this, and my first few times, as I told you, were bad. But I can help you with this so your first time after marriage is good.
Chris: Alright, so sometimes, randomly an image of a penis will pop up in my head and that just- and that just turns me- and that just turns me off.
Clyde: Well, is it yours? Is it someone else’s? Because if it’s yours, it’s fine, you know, thinking about yourself.
Chris: Well, you see, I don’t remember exactly. It could’ve been mine. It could've been one I've seen in the pornography. But it’s kinda hard to tell, because, you know, it’s like a camera flash.
Clyde: I see. Anything else?
Chris: And also, the, uh-
Clyde: That doesn’t seem- I mean, sometimes I think about that. It doesn’t affect me.
Chris: But also the audio accusations that I’ve heard from people from among my- from among my disloyal fanbase. And also, uh, the ED page, and even reading the words in the- Even reading the words, that uh, hmm, say- Read the words: “My name” is gay. Christian. The sentence is like-
Clyde: I don’t understand.
Chris: The sentence is like, uh, “them call me gay”, and that bothers me.
Clyde: Well, that’s a different issue, I mean… If you’re turned off by that: I mean, people who, like, think about other men during sex, that’s different. This is something else. I mean, why would that affect you that much. You know it’s not true, right?
Chris: Yeah, because they were theorizing wrong, and for the while I was trying to clear up my name and prove to them that I wasn’t- that I wasn’t gay. I was straight.
Clyde: What do you think makes people think that you’re gay? What do you think you’re doing?
Chris: Possibly some of the images I’m drawing in my comics could be misinterpreted to make them seem gay or something like that. And, plus, also, there was the loose talk of me getting the dildo, of which, by the way, I got for f- as a free bonus gift with purchase of a female love doll from AdamAndEve.com. And another free gift that came later… Uh, a set of anal beads, which I never used that either.[footnote 1] So it’s between the loose talk of those free gifts and them making- and them making- making up theories that are false and wrong.
Clyde: But that shouldn’t affect you during sex, is the thing.
Chris: Yeah, hmm. But, still, not just during sex but also, you know, even when I'm not having sex or even just any other- Any other time of the day, and it’s just- And it just bothers me.
Clyde: See, that just- That’s different. Talking like a gay person, if you always keep thinking about those things.
Chris: I don’t always think about them.
rec bluespiketh 17 Feb 2009 20 48 26.mp3
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Chris: Okay so, we are all back together again on this conversation.
Clyde: Yeah, have you managed to contact uhh Sarah May?
Chris: [sigh] No she hadn't replied. I'm still worried about her there.
Clyde: [sigh] There's some girls that Julie is worried about. She's still a bit shaken up from the whole Sarah May thing so, she-
Chris: I'm still shake- I'm still shaken up about it too.
Clyde: Yeah, she's still worried about a future with you again. I may have to... what kind of job are you looking for? I heard you were looking for a job.
Chris: Oh yeah, [clears throat] excuse me, yeah I have been looking for like you know whatever good job is in Charlottesville uhhh I found some that I may that I- will be- um will be cons- that I am considering calling them up- calling them up about.
Clyde: Uh have you got a resume prepared?
Chris: [sigh] I do not know how to prepare a resume.
Clyde: Well there's a bunch of guides on the internet, pretty straight forward, you know, basic stuff. It's not that hard.
Chris: Okay.
Clyde: Just remember that [unclear], just remember that they'll be looking over it for about like 30 seconds so you got to make it concise and stuff, only the most important things go on that.
Chris: Okay.
Clyde: That's all the advise I got for you there.
Chris: Alright.
Clyde: I mean what kind of specific jobs are you looking for?
Chris: Mmmm lets see um... uuhhm yeah something like you know possibly architecture since I got my CADD degree and-
Clyde: Well what have you looked at specifically, like what position?
Chris: Mmm well I don't know what, I don't know, I don't know of any specific positions but you know something architecture or maybe something that work that allow me to work around computers.
Clyde: Well, make a list and get back to me on that okay, I just want to see what kind of positions you are applying for.
Chris: Okay.
Notes
↑ Chris did use the anal beads.
Julie Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Miscreants
People: Chris • BlueSpike (Julie • Max) • Clyde Cash • Sarah May • Bryan Bash • BILLY MAYS • Statustjej • Bob Chandler • Aunt Corrina
Inanimate Objects: Kimmi
The Games
Platforms: IRC • Mumble • PSN • Skype
Places: Molvanîa • Ohio
Mumble Chats: (1 • 2 • 3 • 3.5 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 9.5 • 10 • 11 • 12)
BlueSpike PSN Chats: (1 • 2 • 3 • 3.5 • 3.7 • 4)
BlueSpike Skype Logs: (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13)
Art: Silvana Masturbation • Rosechu with a strap-on
Julie's Introduction:
Sarah May:
Chris vs. Clyde:
Sex Leaks:
The Miscreants:
The Reveal:
The Aftermath:
Letter from Julie
Ode to Julie
Sarah May Skype Logs
Barb almost goes off
Supporting Sarah May
Sarah's Attempted Suicide
Chris Comes Out of the Closet
Chris Destroys His Vibrator
Promise to Clean Room
Sex Discussion
For Julie's Eyes Only
CWC Cums for a Cat
Bob Walks In
Bob Walks In Aftermath
The Miscreants' Introduction
Continuation of Introduction
Julie is kidnapped
Ohio trip
Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel
Julie Reveals Herself
Chris Dispels Some Rumors
BlueSpike Gets the Boot
Clyde Murders BlueSpike
Coinciding Sagas
Clyde Cash • PandaHalo • PS3 Hacking
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Supporting_Sarah_May&oldid=354615"