Title: Sydney Kirsch
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Sydney_Contacts
Categories: Jackie Saga, E-mails, Trolls, People from Australia
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
Sydney
In the wake of the Jackie emails, on or about 22 April 2010, a brave woman named Sydney Kirsch mistook Chris for "another Chris" at The GAMe PLACe, with whom she had intended to do some Pokémon-related business. Since she had forgotten this handsome, devilishly charming man's email address, she simply searched up Chris and The GAMe PLACe then emailed the first place that came up. The following is a record of what took place.
Sydney had the noble end-goal of wanting to get Chris to resume answering the Mailbags, by trading naked pictures of herself for answered questions. Unfortunately, things did not turn out that way at all and, ultimately, this was a rare win for Chris. His smugness at (finally) uncovering a troll is still chuckle-worthy, as is his mention of his cleavage (or, as normal human beings might put it, shockingly colossal man-boobs).
Some subject matter (mostly audio clips and voice mail messages) have not been posted because they are mostly irrelevant, don't add to the story and/or don't contain input from Chris. Note that the date and time stamps on emails are for Virginia time, while the date and time stamps on audio clips are Adelaide, Australia time. The woman herself quite happily admits that there is not a lot of new information about Chris in these documents, and that the CWCki exists to document Chris, not failed troll attempts. However, making the information public will hopefully make it clear that Chris is beginning to adapt, so just remember, nobody trolls Chris quite so well as Chris.
Contents
1 E-mails
1.1 Mistaken identity
1.2 A little nibble...
1.3 Interest is building
1.4 What a sexy, sexy man
1.5 Houston, we have liftoff!
1.6 All about Sydney
2 Phone call
2.1 Transcript
3 Radio silence broken
4 OH SHI-
4.1 Transcript
5 Epilogue
E-mails
Mistaken identity
Thursday, April 22, 2010 8:54 AM
Subject: Hi Chris, it's Sydney (the girl from The Game Place) again!
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hi Chris,
It's Sydney here! We met each other briefly in The Game Place (I was the teenage blonde girl who wanted to buy those Poke'mon cards). I might be getting you confused with someone else, so stop me if I'm waaaay off track! ;)
You asked about my boyfriend Sam- unfortunately, we broke up last week because that damn arsehole was cheating on me with your friend Tracy. Can you believe it?! Arg. It makes me so angry! So yeah- I'm back on the market baby, woo hoo! :D
Anyway, I know it's a long shot, but I was hoping you might still have some more cards for sale? If not, maybe we can battle- I'd love to see them in action! We can meet up in person if you like to do the trade, or we can do it by eBay or something if you'd prefer.
Hugs,
Sydney.
A little nibble...
Thursday, April 22, 2010 3:23 PM
Subject: Re: Hi Chris, it's Sydney (the girl from The Game Place) again!
From: "chrischansonichu@aol.com" <chrischansonichu@aol.com>
To: hugsrfun@yahoo.com
I'm sorry, you are confusing me with someone else. Although I did USE to go to The Place; Michael Snyder, the "Manager", banned me from there almost Two Years Ago; he thought I was "scaring his customers away". I think Two Years is long enough for a ban. >:(
Have a good and safe day,
Christian W. Chandler.
Thursday, April 22, 2010 3:30 PM
Subject: Re: Hi Chris, it's Sydney (the girl from The Game Place) again!
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chris,
Oh wow, I'm sorry! Yeah, I must have mixed my Chris' up. I'm pretty sure the Chris I meant to e-mail wasn't called Chandler. But hey, I made a new friend, so that's cool too!
Wow- Michael did that?! He always struck me as a really nice guy. I can't believe he'd ban you for two years- lol! What a dick. Maybe I won't go anymore, haha, I can get cards online for waaay cheaper anyway.
So anyway, what've you been up to since Michael banned you? I mostly just hang out at the Barracks Road Shopping Center, although I haven't been for the last like week because my ex-BF is there and I REALLY don't wanna see him at the moment, lol.
You seem nice- e-mail me back okay?
Love,
Sydney.
Interest is building
Chris sent his Hook Cafe image to Sydney, acne scarring and all.
Thursday, April 22, 2010 3:47 PM
Subject: Re: Hi Chris, it's Sydney (the girl from The Game Place) again!
From: "chrischansonichu@aol.com" <chrischansonichu@aol.com>
To: hugsrfun@yahoo.com
I hear you on getting cards online. Don't stop shopping at The Place on my account; they still have other good merchandise as well (last I checked); I went there the other day to ask Mike to lift the ban; he repeated over and over Hard "No"s. What you can do for me next time you go there, of which I would appreciate, let me know if they are still selling Eye of Judgment and Universal Fighting Series card packs/decks, and tell Mike that you know what he did to me and show him little respect. LOL.
I thank you for the compliment; I feel a little better hearing that. I'm attaching a current photo of myself; do you have one of yourself to share? And perhaps you and I can hang out sometime.
It was nice being introduced to you, Syd.
Stay Safe,
Christian.
What a sexy, sexy man
Sydney sent this modest picture in reply. Chris would later compliment her on her appearance, but either not read the text body of her e-mail at all or, if he did, not remember even a single detail about her. Hmm.
Thursday, April 22, 2010 4:48 PM
Subject: Re: Hi Chris, it's Sydney (the girl from The Game Place) again!
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chris- wow, that's a nice picture. Is it recent? You look happy. :) And I like your vest- it's really rugged!
I do actually have a picture- it's a year old I think (maybe?? lol), my old boyfriend took it. He's a professional photographer so it looks WAAAY nicer than I am irl, haha. He did some pretty serious airbrushing and all, but it's me under there, I swear! When we get to know each other better, I'll send you through one 'au naturale', Hehe. He's also the one that drew the heart. :( Now I feel sad, remembering this. Sorry. I guess the pain is still kinda fresh.
I'll drop by at the Place in the next couple of days and see what they have in stock. If they have those two things, I'll definitely let you know- about talking to Michael, I'll see what I can do, hah, but I can be a little shy sometimes.
Anyway, I've attached a picture. You seriously seem really nice- I don't know why Michael would react that way, he's always been fair to me, but I guess some people really do have a dark side.
It was really nice being introduced to you, too- after my boyfriend cheated on me THEN dumped me recently, it's been very nice to hear a friendly voice. I've seriously started to think all men are dicks, but I guess it isn't so!
Heh, Syd'. I like that. :) One of my old friends did call me that once, I wish she had kept it up, I quite like it. My full name is Sydney Kirsch (It's German in origin, it means 'cellar') just fyi, and also, is it Christian or Chris? Or is Chris short for Christian? What do you prefer?
What sort of things are you into, Chris? (Or Christian?) I'm a big aircraft girl, I love planes. F16s, F22s- did you know they had the JSF in the new Die Hard movie? I swear, I kinda squealed a bit. It was like a dream come true, seeing it hover like that.
Anyway, it was nice talking to you! I have to duck out to do some shopping now, I'll be back later.
Love,
Sydney.
Thursday, April 22, 2010 4:48 PM
Subject: P.S.
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Oh hey- I realised a mistake- the spellchecker corrected my name from 'cherry' to 'cellar' because I made a typo. Kirsch means cherry. I don't actually like it, though, because I think Sydney Cherry sounds so freak'n retarded! Like a stripper name or something, haha.
Love,
Sydney.
Houston, we have liftoff!
Friday, April 23, 2010 2:12 AM
Subject: You're Cute. :)
From: "chrischansonichu@aol.com" <chrischansonichu@aol.com>
To: hugsrfun@yahoo.com
You and I should definitely meet up; I feel more comfortable with in-person interactions than internet. I've had online relationships in my past; most of which were good, but all of them ended not so good for me. I'd rather not talk about that now.
the photo I sent you is recent; I got a trucker look going for me. I'm sorry to hear about your ex dumping you. I like to think I am a nice guy; I try to be anyway. :) Allow me some in-person time (dates and whatnot), and I will show you some fun and good times. "Christian" or "Chris"; I'm okay either way, so feel free to call me whichever you like better.
To describe myself...
I'm 28 years old, 5'10", average body type (don't hold my cleveage against me, LOL), I have never smoked and I never will, I'm a social drinker, I'm a Pisces, and I'm a church-going Methodist.
I'm young at heart. I have a comic book series. I would enjoy the company of a beautiful woman who likes some of the things I do. I also like to have fun when I am able to, and do acts of kindness when possible.
I graduated from high school on the Honor Roll, and I have graduated from Piedmong Virginia Community College [sic] with a Degree and a Certificate in Computer Aided Drafting and Design. When it comes to what I can offer, I can seriously promise care, respect, empathy, and love. I think that (most) women deserve the world, and I would do my best to give it to them.
I’m really good at
Drawing, writing, crafting, making well-thought decisions, heavy lifting, holding a conversation, showing a woman a good time (on a date with taking her to a restaurant and/or finding a fun event to check out and share).
The first things people usually notice about me
I would have to give it to my face, especially in in-person times. When I look at other people, I notice their faces first most often. Aside from that, they notice my being friendly, kind and easy to converse with.
My favorite books, movies, music, and food
Goosebumps or Fear Street Novels from R.L. Stein; "Mary Poppins" is my favorite movie of all time; I like most kinds of music (but my favorite singer is Britney Spears); Mac & Cheese, Grilled Chicken.
The six things I could never do without
-(After I've found the one) My Girlfriend/Sweetheart.
-My Video Games (PS3, PSP, DS and Wii, and all of my older consoles).
-My creative genius.
-Sex
-My good health.
-My glasses; I'm nearsighted.
I copied/pasted my description from my OKCupid.com page (ChrisCSonichu). Please reply with your age, details and what you would put in your profile. :) Let me give you my cell phone number, 434-760-0848, so you can call me and converse while hearing each others voices. You may inform me of your number in your reply as well, yet if you're calling from the 434 Area Code, I will be likely to pick up. If I miss your call, you can leave a message on my voicemail, and I will return your call.
Oh, Also, my father and I like airplanes too, yet we are more into music and stuff. You seem very knowledgeable and smart; I like that in women. And I'm Liking You, Syd. :)
I'll TTYL. Stay Safe,
Christian.
All about Sydney
[TL;DR it's just an infodump about Sydney, her likes and her dislikes, etc. Note that the lack of apostrophes in this e-mail was due to user error.]
Friday, April 23, 2010 3:39 AM
Subject: Re: You re Cute. :)
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Haha, well, let s take it slow for a little bit, hey? I d love to meet up with you eventually, in fact I guess I d prefer it in the end, but yeah I ve had my share of bad relationships too- I d rather we kinda slowed down a bit at this point if that s okay! Haha... At the moment we are email buddies, let s see where it goes from here.
Thank you for your kind words regarding my picture. I can be kinda shy when first meeting people, so I use that year-old picture because it s one I know I ll usually not feel really embaresses about (lol).
I don t have a profile as such at the moment, I try not to keep too much stuff about myself on the internet because I m afraid of creepy stalkers, lol.
I guess I ll talk about stuff as it comes, haha. Okay. I m 19 years old (20 soon, OMG I feel old :(), blonde, really short (lol) and obsessed with jets. I a Cancer zodiac sign, which I hate because it s named after a deadly disease (lol :(). I sometimes play Pokemon and stuff but I m not really good with the rules so I always lose. Opps.
I don t smoke, never have, and I don t drink these days either. I m a pretty quiet gal, but I love the roar of engines, haha. I guess we all have our personality quirks.
I have an old clunker of a computer, along with an iPad and an Xbox 360 which I bought so I could play IL-2 Sturmovik: Birds of Prey and Over G Fighters. I guess I prefer Over G. If you have an Xbox too, we could play together if you want? :)
I was born in Albany WA, alhough I was concieved in Sydney, Australia which is where my parents got the name (lol, unimaginative!). I spent most of my school life getting shuttled between Tamworth, Australia and Albany. I would usually change every year or so, depending on what my parents wanted. Those long flights, plus hugely boring stayovers in LAX meant that I got to see lots of jets, inside and out, haha.
When I graduated high school, I applied to be a pilot in the National Guard, but I was told that since I d spent so long in Australia I might be a security risk, plus I have asthma, so I was denied entry. :( Serious, that was the worst day of my life, I cried for weeks.
After that, I basically went back to Australia for a while, because my dad got a job there, but six months later his work moved him to VA... And here I am! Hehe. Because I got moved around so much, I barely got to be really close friends with anyone or really stay at any one place for long, which is a real bummer, lol.
Anywho. It s okay if you don t wanna discuss your past relationships, to be honest, I d rather keep mine to myself too at this point. I m not interested in what happened in the past. Thanks for the offer of your cell phone- I will consider giving you a call once we know each other better. :) Just don t laugh at my accent!
Anyway, wow. I ve really been rabbiting on about nothing, hahaha... Sorry if I have bored you to tears, my life isn t very exciting. Write me back, okay?
Love,
Sydney. (lol. Now you know where I got named after...)
Saturday, April 24, 2010 2:49 AM
Subject: Re: You re Cute. :)
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chris, are you there? I replied!
Love,
Sydney.
Saturday, April 24, 2010 6:17 AM
Subject: My ex-boyfriend talked to me today :(
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chris,
I feel chestfallen- my ex-boyfriend talked to me today about some stuff, and now I am very sad, can we have a chat about stuff? Maybe AIM or something? I noticed you were using an AOL account.
Love,
Sydney.
Saturday, April 24, 2010 1:23 PM
Subject: Hey, an idea!
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chrissy,
I had an idea- I am uncomfortable giving you my number since we just met, buuuuuuuuuut... do you have a Skype account? We can have a Skype phone conversation if you like. :) My account name is hugsrfun, just message me whenever with either a chat or a call... lol
Just FYI, I leave it on CONSTANTLY, even when I'm asleep, so if you call and I'm not there don't stress out okay?
Love,
Sydney.
Sunday, April 25, 2010 2:42 AM
Subject: Are you ignoring me?
From: "Sydney Kirsch" <hugsrfun@yahoo.com>
To: ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com
Hey Chris,
Are you ignoring me? Ever since I sent you all that info about myself you haven't replied yet, despite several e-mails. What's wrong?
Love,
Sydney.
Phone call
[Note that Chris, despite predicting that Sydney would call, apparently has no idea who she is until he gets some serious prompting... and even then he's not 100% sure.]
Sydney Kirsch Christian Weston Chandler Call 1
Click to load content
Stardate
29 April 2010
Featuring
Chris; Sydney Kirsch
next Sydney Kirsch Christian Weston Chandler Call 2
Transcript
Sydney: Hey, uh, is this Christian Weston Chandler?
Chris: Yeah. Is this Sydney?
Sydney: This is Sydney. Yeah. Hey. Oh my God.
Chris: Yeah.
Sydney: I finally get to speak to you. I am so happy.
Chris: Yeah.
Sydney: I mean [unintelligible] for a while.
[Sydney said, "I've been meaning to get in touch with you for a while", but the audio cut out for a second.]
Chris: I mean, well, uh. Yeah, well, I mean, uh. I have... I have received your emails and upon my recollection, I don't recall talking to you through email before you sent the email recently, so I am uncertain about... things. So forgive me for being skeptical.
Sydney: Oh no, that's okay. Remember? I'm the- I'm the girl that likes planes... that likes jets?
[Pause]
Chris: Hmm.
Sydney: Do you remember?
Chris: No.
Sydney: [Stammers] I- I- I-
Chris: No.
Sydney: I went to The GAMe PLACe. I mistook you for someone else.
Chris: The... GAMe PLACe?
Sydney: Yeah.
Chris: Yeah. I don't... It still doesn't ring a bell.
Sydney: Okay. Um. Well, anyway, um... I'll... I'll remind you if you like. Um, what happened is we um... I met another guy called Chris uh at The GAMe PLACe and he was selling some Pokémon cards and I thought it was you. Um, 'cause I just Googled Chris and the GAMe PLACe and it came up with you. But you said it wasn't you, and that pic-
Chris: Oh, oh, oh. Oh, I see. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, basically put in a nutshell, Michael was scared of me and and uh, he was afrai- and he was uh, preoccupied with his crackpot theory of me scaring his- scaring his... customers away, so he banned me from the store.
Sydney: Really?
Chris: Yeah.
Sydney: That's so unfair...
Chris: What an asshole. Yeah, he's an asshole.
Sydney: He always struck me as a really... Yeah, I'm really sorry to hear that. Wow. He's a... he's a dick. I'm sorry about that. Oh, wow.
Chris: Yeah.
Sydney: That's just so unfair.
Chris: Yeah.
Sydney: Look, um anyway... Hey, look you sent me a picture um... I really liked your picture. You're very, very handsome. Have you ever been told that?
Chris: Hmm. Yeah, I have been told that, mmm. Thank you for the compliment.
Sydney: Yeah. I'm not surprised. I'm not surprised. Um. I was just wondering, um... [Chris talks over Sydney] cuz we did-
Chris: Yeah, I think uh... Yeah, I think I got... I think I got a picture from you as well. Uh... Yeah, that's really you, right?
Sydney: Yeah, yeah. Um. It's an old picture. I'm sorry I didn't have a more recent one. Um. I have other pictures... that are more recent, but I look... I think I look okay in that picture. My ex-boyfriend took it.
Chris: Okay.
Sydney: And it's been- it's been heavily airbrushed it, but it is me.
Chris: Yeah... Yeah. Yeah, well let me ask you. How old are you?
Sydney: Um. I'm 19.
Chris: You're 19? Okay.
Sydney: Yeah.
Chris: So, uh, yeah... So, at this point, you wanted to uh hook up with me or something? I just wanted to make sure I understand. [Sydney talks over Chris] The uh... at this point...
Sydney: Oh, wow. I would really... Yeah, I would really like that.
Chris: [Incredulous] You would... You would like to hook up with me?
Sydney: Yeah.
Chris: And uh... possibly start a potential relationship?
Sydney: I would... Wow. I tell you what, if you would date me, that would be really, really impressive. I... You're a very attractive man and I'm really nothing special, so...
Chris: Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. All right. Uh.
Sydney: [Sydney begins to talk over Chris, but Chris wins] But I mean look, let's- I do think-
Chris: Let me think about it further and uh... Let me think about it further and I'll uh... and I'll decide on the details for uh... for a possible date. Uh, would uh, tomorrow be too soon?
Sydney: Absolutely. Um, I actually, I work as an airline hostess. I'm actually out of Charlottesville at the moment. Um... but, if you wanted to um... I'll-I'll be back in like, you know... maybe like 8 or 9 days. It depends on what my work does. Um. I travel a lot.
Chris: -yeah-
Sydney: Uh, but if you... I can check my email like all the time, so if you wanted to email me while... 'Cause, look, I really want to know more about you and I would love... dating you. Um, you're obviously an attractive man.
Chris: Yeah. All right. Well, listen, I got to go, but it was nice talking to you so, you take care and have a safe day.
Sydney: All right. Email me, okay?
Chris: Yeah. Okay.
Sydney: All right. Thank you, mate. Bye.
[Chris leaves the call]
Sydney: Oh, he called me. Oh my God. Oooh... he's so hot. Yeah, I know. He's just wonderful. Oh my God. I can't believe it. I can't believe that he called me. I know. He said we might be able to go out. He said we might be able to-
[Tape cuts off]
Radio silence broken
Chris sent an email to Sydney immediately after the call. Notice how he simply copies his dating profile page into the email. He's too lazy to even talk about himself.
Thursday, April 29, 2010 3:09 PM
Subject: Please forgive me.
From: "chrischansonichu@aol.com" <chrischansonichu@aol.com>
To: hugsrfun@yahoo.com
I was in error in memory; I had you confused with someone else who
e-mailed me recently. My bad.
I better recollected you as I was eating my breakfast and drinking my
coffee. And let me add that You Are Beautiful. You'd be a woman I'd
wait for happily.
As for about myself, let me copy/paste my bio from my page on okCupid...
I'm young at heart. I have a comic book series. I would enjoy the
company of a beautiful woman who likes some of the things I do. I also
like to have fun when I am able to, and do acts of kindness when
possible.
I graduated from high school on the Honor Roll, and I have graduated
from Piedmong Virginia Community College with a Degree and a
Certificate in Computer Aided Drafting and Design. When it comes to
what I can offer, I can seriously promise care, respect, empathy, and
love. I think that (most) women deserve the world, and I would do my
best to give it to them.
I am looking for a woman who is honest and will love me for me, and sex
is an eventual must; a woman with a happy, positive personality, young
at heart, pretty, 18-28-years old, lives in, or around, the
Charlottesville or Ruckersville (both in the state of Virginia) areas,
smoke-free, non-black and single.
What I’m doing with my life
I'm keeping it real; taking it one day at a time working on my projects
and helping my family. I also work on my art projects, get some
exercise in; all that good stuff.
I’m really good at
Drawing, writing, crafting, making well-thought decisions, heavy
lifting, holding a conversation, showing a woman a good time (on a date
with taking her to a restaurant and/or finding a fun event to check out
and share).
The first things people usually notice about me
I would have to give it to my face, especially in in-person times. When
I look at other people, I notice their faces first most often. Aside
from that, they notice my being friendly, kind and easy to converse
with.
My favorite books, movies, music, and food
Goosebumps or Fear Street Novels from R.L. Stein; "Mary Poppins" is my
favorite movie of all time; I like most kinds of music (but my favorite
singer is Britney Spears); Mac & Cheese, Grilled Chicken.
The six things I could never do without
-(After I've found the one) My Girlfriend/Sweetheart.
-My Video Games (PS3, PSP, DS and Wii, and all of my older consoles).
-My creative genius.
-My good health.
-My glasses; I'm nearsighted.
-Food/Water
I'll leave you with that for now, and you are welcome to reply with more or less of your own Bio Specs. :)
BTW, you live in the Charlottesville, VA area, am I right? I want to make sure, so I can rest assure I won't have to drive farther to your pad (should the "Bonus Round" begin).
Stay Sweet and Safe,
Christian.
OH SHI-
Things are going along smoothly, right? In a rare display of awareness, Chris became wise to the trolling plans that were forming against him, and quickly attempted to amputate the attempt at its source. However, this awareness would soon fade.
Sydney Kirsch Christian Weston Chandler Call 2
Click to load content
Stardate
1 May 2010
Featuring
Chris; Sydney Kirsch
Transcript
Chris: Hello?
Sydney: Hey, Chris. This is, um... Sydney. How are you- how are you goin'?
Chris: Um... yeah. I'm, so- Uh, listen. I know about you and your little game. I've read the troll forum. You're actually in Australia. You cannot fool me anymore. Goodbye.
Sydney: Um... Yeah, I- I am Australian.
[Tape cuts off]
Epilogue
It is probable that, after her dismal failure, Clyde Cash had the woman broken dead. Such is the fate of those who fail Clyde.
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Jackie Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Jacklyn Romy • Lars McNulty • Sydney Kirsch
Emails and Chats
Emails: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Acts of Love:
Halloween Contest:
For J-R's Eyes Only.MOV
Song for Jackie.MOV
Lars' Ship has Sunk.MOV
Lars Is Jivin'.MP4
Tomgirl Pictures
Cakefarts
Chris and Jackie's Date
DivineTrial
Grimace Cosplay
Clyde Cash Cosplay
Alec and Liquid Cosplay
Cherokee Cosplay
Chris-Chan Sonichu Cosplay
Cleveland Cosplay
Pregnant Act
Breast Cancer Awareness
Coinciding Sagas: GAMePLACe, First Exile, Calling Out, Second Exile
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
v • d • e
Emails
Misc. early emails
2004‒06 • 2007 • 2008
Megan Schroeder
2005‒06 • Jan‒July 2007 • Aug‒Dec 2007 • 2008
Vivian Gee
2007‒08 • 2009 • 2010
Blanca Weiss
Aug • Sept • Oct 2008 • Letter
Clyde Cash
Gregg Mays • Miyamoto Saga • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Clyde E-mails
PSN Hacking
Jack Thaddeus (1 • 2 • 3) • Samantha Thaddeus • Katie Bay (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6) • Regina e-mails • Clyde and Tito PS3 E-mails
CWCipedia Mailbag
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31 • 32 • 33 • 34 • 35 • 36 • 37 • 38 • 39 • 40 • 41 • 42 • 43 • 44 • 45 • 46 • 47 • 48 • 49 • 50 • 51 • 52 • 53 • 54 • 55 • 56 • 57• 58 • 59 • 60 • 61 • 62 • Common Questions
The Wallflower/Tito
The Wallflower (1 • 2 • 3) • Surfshack Tito E-mails
Jackie Romy
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24 • 25 • 26 • 27 • 28 • 29 • 30 • 31
Catherine
Catherine E-mails • Open Relationship E-mails
Thetan
Rebeckah Bentley E-mails
LoveYouLongTime
2009 • 2010 • 2011-2012 • 2013-2014‎
Other
Autism Awareness E-mails • BABSCon E-mails‎ • Cole Smithey E-mails • Doopie E-mails • Evan E-mails • Misc E-mails • MHS classmate E-mails • Mr. Smith E-mails • Muscle bra • Savannah Chandler Messages • Sydney Contacts • Uri Geller E-mails • White knight E-mails
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Sydney_Kirsch&oldid=347629"