Title: Taser Discussion
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Taser_Discussion
Categories: Sonichu Possession, Crystalgate, Leaked videos
================================================================================

This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
Taser Discussion is a 48-minute long call involving Chris, several Watchmen, and Praetor member Caden, which was recorded by Watchmen member The WCT.[1] Among the topics, Chris discusses wanting to use a taser, a desire he had expressed previously in a leaked text message; he believes tasing his Gate Crystal and Celestial Key quartz crystals would assist with activating the Dimensional Merge.[2]
A brief clip was leaked by the Watchman leader Naught on 8 February 2021.[3] However, the context of the clip was spun to paint Caden and Praetor in a negative light - Naught prefaced the leak with the comment, "Caden and cwc as Sonichu prime discuss the tazer and who will be tazed," omitting that, in the clip, it is a Watchman member, Val, who jokingly floats the idea of Chris tazing himself, Chris volunteering himself for it, then Caden telling him it is a bad idea.
The full audio was released on 30 June 2021, lending new context to the nature of the discussion.
Contents
1 Original Clip
1.1 Description
1.2 Transcript
2 Uncut Version
2.1 Description
2.2 Transcript
3 Raw captions
4 Analysis
5 References
Original Clip
In the clip, the Watchmen member Val states, "Can you put, 'Can CWC- uh, like, tase himself on video for lulz'." Chris then responds, "I'll do it," to which Val bursts out laughing. Praetor member Caden then objects, saying, "Look, are you sure- There- they- like, we had a whole discussion about why it's a bad idea."
In his Kiwi Farms post, Naught named only Praetor member Caden and Chris as those present in the call. This omission led to speculation that Praetor's members were attempting to get Chris to tase himself. The Christuber GiBi produced a video on the topic in which he erroneously attributed all of the voices in the clip to Praetor members.[4]
In a DM over Discord to a CWCki editor, Naught clarified that the voices present in the clip are Watchmen members Val, Nova/Kyle, The WCT; Praetor member Caden; and Chris.[5]
Taser discussion
Click to load content
Stardate
8 February 2021
Saga
Merge Saga Merge Crystalgate Crystalgate
Other
Leaked Leaked
Description
From a Kiwi Farms forum post by Watchmen member Naught:
Caden and cwc as Sonichu prime discuss the tazer and who will be tazed.
Transcript
Caden: I- I-
Val: No, I don't think they were. Like, at all.
Caden: I don't think they were either.
Val: I don't think anything at all was ever solved. In the slightest. [laughs]
Caden: Not even a little bit.
Val: Even-
Kyle: When are you gonna do the- uh, testing video you promised?
Caden: The testing video?
Kyle: Yeah!
Val: Can you put, "Can CWC- uh, like, tase himself on video for lulz"?
Caden: Well, we're gonna-
Chris: I'll do it.
Caden: What?
Chris: I'd volunteer.
Caden: What?!? WHAT?!??!
Val: [bursts out laughing]
Chris: I'd tase myself. In serious and in joke, I would.
Caden: Look, are you sure-
WCT: Oh no...
Caden: There- they- like, we had a whole discussion about why it's a bad idea.
WCT: Oh no...
Caden: Are you- we'll talk about this later, okay?
WCT: OH NO!
Caden: I really gotta go before we make any rash decisions that involve CWC being zapped.
Chris: Obviously. But I mean, this body is part electricity literally, So I could take it.
Uncut Version
The WCT explains the context of the full chat, and why it was originally clipped.
On 30 June 2021, Watchmen member The WCT released the uncut audio call (lasting about 48 minutes) onto YouTube and posted about it on the now-defunct forum lolcow.org, seemingly out of a desire to lend full context to the minute-long clip that was originally released on Kiwi Farms.[6] In it, multiple Watchmen and Caden, a member of Praetor, talk to one another regarding the taser.
People present in the call are: Chris, Caden Peck, Kyle, MKRNightVee, The WCT, Val and Naught. Anaxis was also in this call, but did not turn his mic on.[1]
CWC and Friends talking to Praetor (February 8, 2021)
Click to load content
Stardate
8 February 2021
Saga
Merge Saga Merge Crystalgate Crystalgate
Other
Leaked Leaked
Description
The never before seen original and uncut infamous taser call.
The pinned comment, written by TheWCT, reads:
Who was in the wrong?
you decide.
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Text fades in and out onscreen:
On February 8, 2021.
Chris and the Watchmen would get into a Voice Chat with Praetor's leader Caden.
After the call concluded, the Watchmen's leader Naught uploaded a minute long audio clip to Kiwi Farms without full context that aimed to demonize and discredit Caden and Praetor as a whole.
For 4 months, this call remained private and kept away in local storage...
until now.
Originally recorded on February 8, 2021
Audio begins.
Chris: Literally and truly, putting a taser to the crystal was my own idea, and I got it through meditation and seeing into the future.
Kyle: Well where's the ground in that circuit? Just thinking of it from an electrical perspective.
Caden: The taser itself is a closed circuit. It's
all contained within a little box. It's a handheld zapper, we don't use anything that's, ya know, firing any projectiles. That's just not only a m-
Kyle: That's because you keep erroneously calling it a taser when it's in fact a stun-gun.
Caden: I don't want to bust chops over semantics here, when I bought it it said "taser" on e-bay.
Kyle: Didn't you show a different one?
Caden: No no, we're using the exact same ones
Kyle: No you said in the past a different one!
Caden: No no, it's the same one. So we bulked ordered them, for the original purpose of sale. There's 10 of them right now. Uh, depending on how sales initially went, we were considering another order of 10-20. But, ya know, it's all based on what happens in this coming month. Whatever the case, this specific idea... what I don't understand is - while I do get while you're concerned about the safety of CWC, especially when it comes to the usage of a little zapper like that - at the bottom line that is that - not only
Kyle: [interrupting] Don't downplay it. Don't downplay it. A little zapper? No - it's a fucking self-defense instrument. It's not an instrument of mild irritation.
Caden: If you don't wanna downplay it-
MKR: Chris has had heart troubles in the past, so why wouldn't we worry?
Caden: Well, I won't - I won't downplay it, these things are brutal. But, if you're using them correctly, you have no chance of getting zapped whatsoever. And frankly, we recognize Chri-
Kyle: And this is [a very much off-label] use.
Caden: Well hold on. We recognize Christine as an adult who can make her own decisions and the fact that she requested one of these tasers… we thought that we’d let it happen. And will continue to let what she requests happen, happen. Unless it's something that's an absolutely out of proportion judgement - but we've never ever seen anything like that in our personal experience with her. We've full faith in the choices that she's making - and if she feels that this taser will bring about this-the dimensional merge than we're more than happy to experiment.
Chris: Or at the very least, a portal for me to finally get this body to CWCville.
MKR: I really don't think that's gonna work like that.
Chris: Well you don't know.
Chris: You can get sonar by running electricity through just a regular non-soulfully powered quartz that you would get a lot more through a heavily programmed overpowered one!
Kyle: That's because it's a distinct electrical instrument, using electrical purity quartz with a tolerance of something like 35bpm and that's for sonar which now presumably took out of scope or frequency.
MKR: Besides the regular electricity from any regular device wouldn't really count, I mean, wouldn't the electricity coming from your body naturally be the kind that you would need to power such a thing?
Chris: That is one thing, yes. It’s not tangible from… it's not so tangible, I mean… I wish I could do a thundershock from this body where you could see sparks coming from these hands or these cheeks. But that's not happening right now, at least at this moment-
MKR: Maybe your training's just not complete.
Chris: The best I can do to show some power is between the visions and foresight and the limited tele- the limited telekinesis and telepathy.
WCT: IMO you don't need that thing.
MKR: You really don't.
Kyle: D'you really need to prove-
MKR: Unless you're defending yourself from a predator, I don't think so,
WCT: A gun is more effective in self defense, but that's obviously not what we're talking about here.
MKR: *laughs* No.
Kyle: Oh trust me, I know!
Chris: Alright but anyway, the results were very good and Caden here will vouch for that - especially on the before on feeling[/filling?] the gate crystal and then AFTER sensing the gate crystal and the boosted energy that came out of it.
Kyle: You got extensive experience tasing yourself Caden?
Caden: Well ya know I've zapped myself a couple of times, I wouldn't sell something if I didn't know if it felt like - and uh - it doesn't feel good, I'll tell ya that!
Kyle: Really? I've seen the one you've mentioned and uh - it seems like a lot to subject anyone to.
Caden: It's a little rough - it's a little rough around the edges but, ya know -
Kyle: Oh yeah, yeah, I'm sure that's -
MKR: Maybe you should do it again and videotape it.
Kyle: I'm sure that's why they sell it. It's a little rough.
Caden: Oh it's a little rough for sure.
MKR: Just to prove it's only a little rough...
Kyle: Yeah; shove it up your ass to see how much you like it.
Caden: We were thinking of a demonstration if we could find a willing participant, well ya know, we're - we're looking.
Kyle: Well apparently you're a willing participant, do it now!
MKR: Didn't you just say that you were willing to test it on yourself?
Caden: Well not with a camera on me, I'm- I'm screenshy.
MKR: Then how do we know that you did it?
Caden: Well I guess you'll have to take my word for it on this one.
MKR: I can't take your word for anything cause you're a - freakin pathological liar Caden!
Kyle: Your words were jack and shit!
Caden: That is worth - that is downright hurtful, first of all, second of all-
MKR: Yeah (unintelligble) when you're sarcastic.
Kyle: Yeah I should feel very sorry for you.
MKR: Aw, poor Caden.
Chris: That is very wrong, to call him a pathological liar, because he is not.
MKR: Chris, he is a pathological liar.
Caden: I appreciate you defending me, Christine. But uh, like i again I feel very certain that there's not there's not a lot we can do to kind of, turn around that kind of view on us. Now we'll accept it, because again we let me reiterate I understand that you know y'all y'all have your concerns for Christine and it is a genuinely good thing however at the end of the day we're partnered with her not with y'all. We we we're in this Discord group just just because we were invited here but again we you know what what happens what what happens between us and Christine we're going to attempt to keep it you know when it comes down to final judgments, between us and Christine right? Now if if you'd like to join us we'd be happy to have you but i have a strange feeling that none of y'all are feeling that kind of movement.
MKR: Join you? What would that entail? How would I join you?
WCT: Press X to doubt. Press X to doubt.
Caden: Well, first of all before you go hitting those X's, I mean there's a ton of ways you could join us. I mean, firstly I'd like to start with a warm handshake.
WCT: Caden, Caden, Caden.
[...]
9:36 timestamp
Chris:
Caden is the salesman. But you know the other members of our group here, uh, you know, uh, Caden, Owen, Bella, Annabel. But, yeah, we have a couple of genuine psychic types and they...
14:23 timestamp
Val: There’s been lots and lots of people who could’ve made a buck off Chris, but they didn’t. Why?
Caden: Well, because they weren’t smart enough.
Naught: Do you really believe that?
Chris: Actually that’s a valid statement right there, especially considering the [past life with Praetor?]
Caden: We recognize the value of partnering with CWC. We recognize the value of her talent and what she brings to the board. Now I understand the controversy we’ve raised, but frankly, we don’t intend on really moving that much, we’re very pleased with where we are, alright? If you have any grievances we’re happy to hear them, and we love feedback, ya know? Regardless of how much it hurts us. But we-
Naught: Just interact with the retards that buy shit. I think it's that simple. It's what I said earlier, if you want to be a businessman or whatever, interact with the people, keep the optics up, and that's pretty much it!
Caden: That's what - that's our intentions.
[long pause]
Caden: So anything further?
WCT: Does anyone else have anything else to discuss with Caden?
Naught: No, I don't want to get pissed on and told it's raining.
WCT: No, of course.
15:52 timestamp
MKR: Chris why… why do you trust these people
Chris: Because they have proven themselves in person with their kindness-
MKR: Because they bought you things
Chris: No, that’s only part of…
MKR: That’s the reason though isn’t it
Chris: Not initially! Not initially!
MKR: laughs in disbelief
Chris: They proved it to us without buying anything… initially… that is the truth. Eventually yes, that did come to be – but – they have proven themselves very much without-
MKR: So you’re going to choose them over us, is that how it’s going to go?
[...]
17:07 timestamp
Caden: […] Let me just say, our goal is not to take anything. Our goal is not just to be screwing with Christine. Our goal here is just to make cash with her, as a partnership - right?
MKR: Then why don’t you pay her more?
Caden: We do!
Naught?: That income split is kind of fucked.
Chris: THEY PAID ME 400 BUCKS las- abou- about a few weeks ago! They paid me 400 bucks…
MKR: Out of the $6,000 they made
Caden: Let me just say-
Chris: It didn't.
Caden: Let me just say- Let me just say here, that our relationship with Christine, the friendships and the business side that we have with her, is not intended for- we're not going to move on it. We don't want to - we don't want y'all to think we're trying to take anything from y'all. Right? We don't want to screw around with sides. Because this shouldn't have to be a war.
Chris: You're right.
Caden: Now I understand that there's a lot of animosity here, there's a lot of general discomfort, right?-
Val: Where were we? Before, I uuh... what happened? I was pretty sure I said ”stop fucking lying”.
MKR: Oh well, they're saying that they don't want to take Christine away from us, that the- they're not trying to [unintelligible]
Val:...*laughs* Christine...
Chris: I'm not being taken away from anybody, okay!?
23:14 timestamp
Val: So- so like, where the fuck does this uh, this whole 'Vaughn'...and uh Miss- Miss whatever her name is. Where does this come into play?
Chris: OH THAT WAS A WHOLE TOTALLY DIFFERENT THING
Caden: The Vaughn person is an entirely different person. We have no clue who this idiot is.
24:39 timestamp
Chris:
...his name is Daniel. He lives he most majority lives in virginia. He works at Martha's Vineyard. He trucks around sometimes. He's lived in Vegas. His number was from Vegas and so forth. Freakin' bats. And after we confirmed all that information that we have foreseen...
Val: Confirmed with who? Confirmed with who? Confirmed with who? You said "confirmed the information", with who? Who confirmed that information?
Chris:
... all right, well, Bella...
Val: All right...
Chris: Well, confirmed the information. But don't tell anybody outside this group about that.
Kyle: You know that was leaked a little bit ago.
Chris: But aside from that, I... we... confirmed it now. But she had... she confirmed it. She told us and that allowed us to confirm it, with Mewtwo, with Magi-Chan, and with Christine here.
Still in my body! This is still Sonichu!
29:42 timestamp
Caden: I understand that. Personally, I'd kill for a sheet cake. One of those [Scream in the background] nice vanilla based ones? I just love that. It kills. [Scream continues]
Val: Is Chris like...?
MKR: I don’t know
Val: There was like some shouting or some fucking shit…
MKR: “Maybe Chris ate something spicy and there’s issues to be had; the bathroom’s become a war-room”.
[...]
34:00 timestamp
Val: You're a total fucking faggot, Caden.
Caden: Now I'm just ruined.
Val: And you will be. And I garuntee by the end of the night, I’m going to be speaking to your mother and telling how terrible her son is.
Caden: honestly, if you end up getting me a paddling from mommy, I’m going to be so upset.
Val: [laughs] and I hope you should be!
MKR: Honestly I started out trying to be really nice, but you just like started getting like more suspicious and creepy and mean, and I just-
Chris Why do we have to have all this sarcasm and negativity talking shit?
Val: But it's fun! It's a laugh and it's fun, and it's people fucking with people for laughs.
Chris Every time Mr C. picked an argument with Chris, she failed at arguing back.
Raw captions
Raw text from YouTube's captions
clearly
and truly putting a taser to the crystal
was my own idea and i got it through
meditation and seeing it to the future
so where where's the ground in that
circuit just thinking about it from my
electrical perspective well the taser
itself is a closed circuit it's all
contained within a little box
you know it's a handheld zapper we don't
use
anything that's you know firing any
projectiles that's just
not only because you keep on erroneously
calling it a taser when it's in fact a
stun gun
well i don't wanna you know bus
i don't wanna bust chops over semantics
here when i bought it it's a taser on
ebay
didn't you show a different one
no no no no no we're using the exact
same ones uh the ones that were listed
in the oh you said in the past it was a
different one
no no it's the same one uh we actually
so we bulk ordered them for the original
purpose of sale there's 10 of them right
now uh depending on how sales initially
went we were considering another order
of 10 to 20.
but oh you know it it's all it's all
based off what happens in this next
coming month
right whatever the case this specific
idea
i what what i don't understand is i i
well i do get
why you're concerned about the safety of
cwc especially when it comes to the
usage of
a little zapper like that right but
the the at the bottom line is that
not only don't downplay it follow yeah
stop don't downplay it a little zapper
now it's a [ __ ] self-defense
instrument
oh it's not an instrument of mild
irritation
well if if you don't want to downplay
problems in the past
well i well i wouldn't i won't downplay
it these things are brutal
but if you're using them correctly you
have no chance of getting zapped
whatsoever and frankly
we recognize chris very much
well hold on we recognize christine as
an adult who can make her own decisions
and the fact that she requested one of
these tasers
we thought that we'd let it happen and
we'll continue to let
what she requests happen happen unless
it's something that's an
absolutely out of proportion judgment
but we've never
ever seen anything like that in our
personal experience with her
we have full faith in the choices that
she's making and if she feels that this
taser will
bring about this the the dimensional
merge then we're more than happy to
experiment
or at the very least a portal for me to
finally get this body to quick fit
i really don't think that's gonna work
like that
well you don't know you can get solar by
running electricity
through just a regular non
soulfully powered quartz because it's
a heavily programmed overpowered one
that's because it's a distinct
electrical instrument
using electrical purity quartz with
a tolerance of something like 35 ppm
and that's for sonar which now
presumably
some kind of scope or frequency besides
the regular electricity from any regular
device wouldn't really count i mean
wouldn't the
electricity coming from your body
naturally be the kind that you would
need
to power such a thing that is one thing
yes but
it's not it's not tangible from it's not
so tangible i mean i wish i could do
like a thunder shock from this body and
have it
before tangible where you can see the
parts coming out of these hands or these
cheeks
but it that's not happening right now at
least
this may be your training that's not
complete the best i can do is show
some power is between the uh visions
and foresight and the limited select the
limit
the limited telekinesis and telepathy
imo you don't need a you don't need that
thing
you really don't really need i mean
unless you're defending yourself from a
predator i don't think so
i don't think it's really a gun is more
effective in self-defense but that's
obviously not what we're talking about
here
no oh trust me i know
all right thank the results were very
results were very good
and kaden here will vouch for that
especially on the before on feeling the
gate crystal
and then after sensing the gay crystal
and the boosted energy that came out of
it
you got you got extensive experience
chasing yourself caden
well you know i've zapped myself a
couple of times i wouldn't sell
something if i didn't know what it felt
like and uh
it doesn't feel good i'll tell you that
i've seen i've i've seen uh i've
seen the one you've mentioned and uh
yeah that seems like a lot to subject
anyone to it's a little rough
it's a little rough around the edges oh
yeah maybe you're sure
i'm sure that's why they sell it because
it's a little rough
oh it's a little just to prove that it's
only a little rough
yeah well well but we'll consider you
shove it up your ass
you see how rough you like thinking of
uh we were thinking of a demonstration
if we could find the willing participant
well you know we're we're looking well
apparently you're willing participants
do it now
well i guess you'll have to take my word
for it on this one i can't take your
word for anything because you're a
freaking pathological liar caden no
these
words were jack and [ __ ] that is worth
that is
downright hurtful first of all yeah are
you when you're sarcastic
yeah i should feel very sorry for you oh
poor kayden to call him a pathological
liar because he is not chris he is a
pathological liar
i appreciate you defending me christine
but uh
like i again i feel very certain that
there's not there's not a lot we can do
to kind of
turn around that kind of view on us now
we'll accept it because again we let me
reiterate
i understand that you know y'all y'all
have your concerns for christine and it
is a genuinely good thing
however at the end of the day we're
partnered with her not with y'all we
we we're in this discord group just just
because we were invited here but again
we you know what what happens what what
happens between us and christine
we're going to attempt to keep it you
know when it comes down to final
judgments
between us and christine right now if if
you'd like to join us we'd be happy to
have you but i have a strange feeling
that
none of y'all are feeling that kind of
movement what would that intend
how would i join you uh
press x to do well i mean you could well
for well first of all before you go
hitting those x's i mean there's a ton
of ways you could join us i mean uh
firstly
i like to start with a warm handshake
caden caden
um but thanks for the uh offering though
regardless
we've got you
all right continue oh no i think i i
i think i i think i said my piece there
you know
i just wanna yeah because you know that
i live across the country from you
well listen listen aside from the zapper
right the taser the stun gun whichever
way you want to phrase it again
aside from that you know because again
it does not look like we're going to be
really moving on that kind of of a
position not the split hairs or anything
you know but
but what what other grievances do y'all
have that we that we can try and address
as best we can
this is a fairly major one
which ones is it which one's a fairly
major one no this one
well again i i don't really think that
either of us are really in our positions
uh this isn't about like this isn't
about any of uh
my feelings or anything you do
understand how this looks to
uh not even outsiders but just people
who are watching
so what do you mean by people who are
watching uh the people
who for want for a better term support
chris
well i mean we frankly are not here to
either gain fans or anything we're here
simply i mean we are what we are we're
salesmen
you know yeah yeah yeah we're just
selling regulations with chris that's
the best that we can that's the best
that we can do
yes and as a result of that or
hello yeah okay yeah kaden is the
salesman but
the other members of of of our group
here uh you know uh you know
kayden uh owen bell and
annabelle and cabell anyway um
but yeah we have genuine we have a
couple of genuine psychic types
and they no i'm sorry yeah i'm sorry
chris you missed the other
like seven other members
there's a prey tour said that oh sorry
who's this uh who am i speaking to
is this caden who's this
yeah this one's kaden oh yeah sure sure
do do the stupid [ __ ] gay voice i
don't [ __ ] care
oh god it's just one fake accent
like like do it it doesn't [ __ ]
matter
of which one of the 13 other members am
i speaking to
well this one here is kaden i mean
if if you want to speak to the others
you'd have to go check out our other
projects
but as of now are you telling me i'm
going to have to sign up to their only
fans to speak to them
speak to that that is one very
productive project that we happen to
have we're very pleased on that one we
you should consider subscribing
[Laughter]
is my [ __ ] good enough is my [ __ ]
goodness oh
but you know i could i could i could for
sure take a peek
you can take a peek i could take a piece
so so what are we arguing about at the
moment like like what
[ __ ] are people flinging at the moment
what do you mean like what what do you
mean what [ __ ] are people flinging at us
like uh
like what what do you mean the uh any of
it
i don't know like any of it like what
[ __ ]
does your totally real company have oh
yeah that too
well again what we want to what we want
to run past y'all
is our no i don't care
i i don't care about your gay [ __ ]
like i want to make a buck off chris
yeah do that that's fine what [ __ ] is
being flung
well there is no [ __ ] being flung right
now so far it's daisies
so i don't get why is there a problem
that's what's going on look what appears
to be
going on which again i fully understand
i fully understand i really do is that
like
there is a major major suspicion cloud
that follows
us that everything that we're doing is
with an end goal that is negative to cwc
and we
we understand that suspicion entirely i
mean the track record behind
the anybody who does what we do is a
[ __ ] mile long all the way back to
2009
but i assure you the reason why that we
have been more successful monetarily
than anyone else's because we're not
here
for malevolent reasons oh that's
terrible
um you're implying that uh
a lot of the people who have dealt with
cwc
have been in it for monetary gains
there's lots of implications that's a
fact yeah well sorry yeah that's a fact
but there's lots of people that
have been uh involved the cwc as you
call him
um they could have made a buck
off him but they didn't because they
cared
and i guess it's like so so uh
i guess pray towards stance or they
don't care
they just want to make a buck well it it
seems to us
that no i mean if you didn't
if you'd if this plan has been working
out fantastically
if you haven't made it yeah i didn't
know he's made a smart enough movie
the smartest move
shut the [ __ ] up and shut the [ __ ] up
and listen now this the smartest shut
the [ __ ] up
and listen shut the [ __ ] up and listen
and listen to anyone shut the [ __ ] up
and listen like i've said it like
five times now and you have now listen
hold on now we're listening we're
listening hurry on talking shut the [ __ ]
up and listen no
please go ahead please let them talk
there's been there's been
lots and lots of people that could have
made a bug of chris
they didn't why
why didn't they well because they
weren't smart enough
do you really believe that
actually that's a valid statement right
there
especially we recognized the value of
partnering with cwc we recognize the
value of her talent and what she brings
to the board
and by doing that we've profited now i
understand the controversy we've raised
but
frankly we we don't intend on really
moving that much
we're very pleased with where we are
right now
if you have a grievances we're happy to
hear them and we
love feedback you know regardless of how
much it hurts us
but we interact just uh interact with
the retards who buy [ __ ]
i i think it's that simple what i said
earlier you know if you want to be a
businessman or whatever
interact with people keep the optics up
and
that's pretty much it that's what that's
our intentions
that's our intentions
so any anything further yeah does anyone
else have anything to
discuss with uh pray with me no i don't
want i don't know i don't want to get
pissed on until it's raining
no chris why why do you trust these
people
because they have proven themselves in
person
but they're kind of because they bought
you things
no that's the reason though isn't it
that not initially not
initially they proved that to
us without buying us
anything okay not in the
initially that is the truth
eventually yes that did come to be but
they have proven themselves very very
much
so you're going to choose them over us
is that how this is going to go
now don't try and make this a division
thing
we're just here
we don't want to have to feel like we're
picking sides or
anything well i think you pick sides
earlier
i mean besides which between let me
let me just say let me just say where
our our goal
is not to take anything our goal is not
to be
you know just screwing with christine
our goal here is just to make cash
with her as a partnership right now
why don't you pay her more we do an
income split is kind of funny
400 yeah it really is about a few weeks
ago they paid me 400 bucks
we're doing this 6 000 they made
let me just say let me just say
let me just say here that our
relationship
with christine the friendships
and the business side that we have with
her is
not intended for we're not going to move
on it you know we don't want to
we don't want to take any we don't want
you all to think that we're trying to
take anything from y'all right we don't
want to
screw around with sides because this
shouldn't have to be a war
right now i i understand
that you know that there's a lot of
animosity there's a lot of animosity
here there's a lot of uh
general just it's discomfort right
where were we before i uh what happened
i'm pretty sure i was saying uh stop
[ __ ] lying oh
well they're saying they don't want to
take uh christine away from us that uh
they're
not trying to this is not christian
being taken away from anybody okay
no oh all i'm saying is uh
hey and i said it i said this before
this uh this whole conversation uh began
uh what did i say to you cwc
don't [ __ ] trust them one [ __ ] bit
make a buck off them but don't trust
them
oh good grief spunk you're not thou you
channel vows sometimes
but he acts independently and you act
independently
by the way how's that old lady did you
tend to in the hospital lately
what sorry the ect one
yesterday
the who sorry do you remember val the
the constant uh electroshock therapy one
oh yeah the uh yep um
she's doing totally fine and she's
brilliant
and one of the most amazing people i've
ever spoken to
okay like she's lovely
ah at least ten percent of the time
now pray now caden i need to let you
know because
here's the thing you know there's a
reason why people
on the internet no matter who you talk
to tend to criticize those
who make money off of chris right in any
shape or form right
you know there's a reason for that well
most of the time people assume that this
whole
money-making scheme is simply based in
enablement
oh this is where we are like i don't
give a [ __ ] about this like
whole gay [ __ ] it's like a
well if if you don't if you don't give a
[ __ ] my friend then then what are you
worried about
if nothing has been wrecked or or [ __ ]
around
oh yeah this is what we are like old i
mean
my internet died and i missed like i
guess the past uh like
10 minutes worth of conversation so you
have to like dial it way way back
to like 10 minutes ago just for me do it
just for me
what's happening well we've got your
back
my friend allow me to elucidate the uh
well i'm trying to think of a of
of a nicer way to pick around this right
but at the very core
we're you know we're still in the same
place of mistrust there's there's not
really been any movement
you know which there's no movement on
on my things like make a buck off c
c make a buck off him oh that's where we
were
oh that's where we were there has been
10
people that could have made a buck off
cwc
but they didn't and you thinking you're
the first person to do it
maybe those people could have but chose
not to
right oh of course of course it's a
personal choice
yeah yeah i guess it might have been a
personal choice for those people
but yeah ethics is totally personal yes
but then then it comes down to an ethics
thing doesn't it like
do you make a buck off cwc
but what is unethical about our
partnership with cwc
i don't know i don't
i'm trying to rewind back like to the
past
10 minutes ago i'm trying to you have
this like
little spot and uh carry on please
uh what what i'm trying to say is if we
haven't taken anything from cwc if we
haven't been
violent or rude or mean if all we've
done is
pay them then what negative outcome has
any of this had
that's right uh defense
implements seem to argue
i mean it just it just really is
it's like and at least in uh in my
opinion it's it's as simple as that
we're not
here to [ __ ] around that much at all
we're here to just
make it out so like
where the [ __ ] does this uh this whole
avon
and uh miss miss whatever her name is
where does this come into play that was
a whole
totally different thing the vaughan
person is an entirely different person
we have no clue who this idiot is all we
know
is that so has so as chris relayed to
you the uh the stuff about like the the
wine that they left
all that [ __ ] uh
possibly okay well just just to recap
vaughn had a courier some guy in the
rutgersville area
drop off a big basket of goodies at
chris's door along with a very very
cryptic note claiming that
what was it what was it christine they
that you needed to contact them with a
yes or no about joining their cult by
march
10th or something like that yeah
something like that and also
also getting content with a bunch of
people that to me was
random but to them was definitely like
oh yeah we just drew their names out
ahead
so i've been like hey tell chris they oh
yeah that's like
that's my excites you
talk to them all over the place and be
and be offending more people like
like chris used to then back then but
obviously that's not going to happen
these days
i mean even though i even though i did
end up doing only because magic chant
till
made the suggestion that i do that just
a few times in order to move this lawn
just to humor
the guy so we can eventually get the
information out of him and finally find
out that he's
his name is daniel he lives he most
majority lives in virginia he works at
martha's vineyard he trucks around
sometimes
he's lived in vegas his number was from
vegas
and so forth
freaking bats are [ __ ] moving
and after we confirmed all that
information that we have foreseen
confirmed with who
confirmed with who confirmed with who
said confirmed
the information with who
who confirmed that information all right
well
bella all right well confirmed the
information but don't tell anybody
outside this group
about that you know that was leaked a
little bit but aside from that
i we confirmed it now but she had she
confirmed it
she told us and that allowed us to
confirm it
with mewtwo with magic and with
christine here still in my body this is
still sonic you probably have seen one
nice
i haven't talking here
[Music]
could seem like some controlled
opposition given that
even i had a difficult time tracking
down anything
and i'm a whole lot better than someone
who dropped out of [ __ ] art college
i did not you megan you're great
oh i didn't drop out my uh never mind
that's
that's a different story we were making
jokes we were making jokes about [ __ ]
megan
right yeah
but anyway the whole thing the whole
thing with danny boy there
that's done done over with we made an
example out of hymns in the world and
the other trolls that
he's facing he hasn't his consequences
for just
basically wanting attention all over the
place well not appreciating his wife and
child at home
freaking furry with big breasts and all
that
oh holy crap
so from now on we need to look to
praetor for information
well information on what well
information just any this where
applicable and possible
we're happy to help you all whenever we
can yeah
oh no you love conspiracy theories uh
what do you think about uh
controlled opposition
i'm going to take a moment to use a
toilet be right back
okay special
continue on at least i'd be
should slinky start a fake argument just
to like
make some noise until we get back
what's a what's a frighteningly
controversial topic you got in the on
how do you feel about neapolitan ice
cream
only the uh
[Laughter]
only the two difficult discussions it's
not it's not even a difficult one it's
not even difficult i just had to
picture a neapolitan ice cream and i had
to pick the two whitest ones
it's not even hard like it's not even
hard
i just had to go the the pink and the
white one were good
[ __ ] right it always ends up
yeah like you you put a neapolitan ice
cream like
tub the brown's always the last one to
eat
really see i i i'm i'm a fan of all
three
but i i personally feel that strawberry
is a slept on flavor
no one nobody gets it
it's a watch it's a slept on flavor
you know people just yeah no i know
gets eaten first strawberry second and
brown just gets chucked in the bin
really that much against that much
against chocolate
i'm so racist
ice cream oh shoot we were trying to
bring race into our perspective
i personally don't like strawberry in my
cake
then your cake no now how do you feel
about ice cream cake versus a normal
cake
i just prefer them to be separated
but that's just i understand that
personally i i'd kill for a sheet cake
you know one of those nice vanilla based
ones i just love that
kills
he's chris like
i don't know i mean there was like some
shouting or some [ __ ] [ __ ]
maybe chris ate something spicy now
there's
issues to be had the bathrooms become a
war room
maybe you heard that you throw out the
chocolate part of neapolitan ice cream
maybe maybe
i don't get what the [ __ ] problem is
i don't get why
why everyone's [ __ ] arguing over [ __ ]
i'll throw
i will throw [ __ ] into the uh into the
ship pile
it's just it's i don't really understand
why we
what is the problem we understand
suspicion but we
again don't want to be caught you sit
there and say win
you sit there and say weave like who the
[ __ ] is we
don't understand i'm just see i'm just
personally i'm just one guy but i just
use we to try and refer to the
collective of praetor as an idea
you know just cause like when people
when people hear about this whole thing
going on they don't think [ __ ] kaden
they think [ __ ] prater
right so i just use it as a collective
phrase right
but what oh wait hold on what's that
oh no i don't i want to [ __ ] throw
that in there god damn
no i don't know throw it in there throw
it in there
don't duck the [ __ ] out he said so let's
do it
like do it controversial statements
about neapolitan ice cream i don't want
it
i don't want to get too i don't really
i'm just saying i'm just
saying we don't want to we don't want to
throw more [ __ ] in on the stink pile
you know are you telling me the the
praetor
prefers chocolate ice cream well now now
don't put such vile words in our mouth
i'm
more going i'm more saying that
chocolate is not the best ice cream but
it doesn't deserve to be bin
food you know it's like i'd still take a
scoop of it but if i had a vanilla and
strawberry in front of me i'd much
prefer those i think if there's like any
kind of like really bad ice cream flavor
i don't think i've actually had it you
know unless it's like freezer burnt but
that's not even a flavor that's about
quality
tiger tail kind of sucks
tiger tail what kind is that true what
the bane flavor is but it's it's got
black licorice in it
black licorice that's controversial
that's controversial
the most controversial as red licorice
especially since that's sheets exclusive
flavor for g
fuel what are your thoughts on twizzlers
they're okay they're pretty good really
and to me the uh
the red licorice g fuel actually tastes
pretty good but it's not one i would
have
on the constant i like biting the ends
off and using them as straws
that actually works but but it's all
dependent like what do you drink out of
it like what do you drink out of it
because if it's something like if it's
something norm if it's something like
sweet i feel like that's excusable like
soda or something
but if you're like water or if you're
sipping like water or milk i
i would cry i'd sob openly [ __ ] idiot
drinks milk through a twizzler
i thought that's what i'm that's
it's probably going up the other end
isn't it it is i'm shoving
up my [ __ ] right now so so y'all
actually i've got to go ahead
and go i've got to go ahead and go but
you know i i want to apologize for what
happened earlier i did i did get a
little heated you know a little bit of
sarcasm getting thrown around there
you know sorry about that again we don't
want to [ __ ] stir up trouble when
they're done
oh no no you're a total [ __ ] [ __ ]
caden
you're a total [ __ ] [ __ ] caden
right now i'm just like
no i and you will be and i guarantee you
you will be
at least this uh situation merits being
i gary i guarantee you by the end of the
night i'm going to be speaking to your
mother
and telling you how terrible her son is
honestly if you end up getting me a
paddling from mommy i'm going to be so
upset
i hope you should be honestly i started
out trying to be really nice
getting more and more suspicious and
creepy and mean and
why do we have to have all this sarcasm
and negativity talking [ __ ]
all right but it's fun like yo
i mean [ __ ] fast
it's a lot like it's a laugh and it's
fun like it's people [ __ ] with people
for laughs yeah every time mr c
picked an argument like chris she failed
at arguing back
at the very at the very heart of what is
funny
like are you joking like do you do you
not think how like it's funny
arguing over neapolitan ice cream
do you not get that like it's funny
arguing over nothing period oh
most arguments are literally trivial
and nonsense they don't need to yeah
yeah but
do you not understand that it can like
you can have a funny argument where
people like
pretend to be one side of an argument
and
to pretend to be the other side
we're we're trying to break the
discourse
because discourse it's like it's it's
like oh oh
[ __ ] you prato [ __ ] you kaden and what
would you say back
well i would just say now has a racial
bias against brown ice cream
i have i have a terrible racial bias
against ice cream
like it's fun you know like
like it like it's fun like none of this
has been
aggressive like at all it's all been a
laugh
i just like unfortunately
i wish it was a racial serious and like
actually talk to us like you never
actually talk to us and we'll like at
you and we'll be like
hey how are you doing or how did it go
and you'll just ignore us and you'll be
online and we know that you see it but
you'll just ignore us
working around all [ __ ] hours it's so
boring all i can say
all i can say this okay kaden listen
listen very closely and i want you to
know this
if you do not consent any of us ahead of
time without warning
you will regret this and you'll regret
this sooner than you think [ __ ] up cap
no you should probably talk to josh hold
on hold on
i regret this what do you mean what do
you what do you mean uh
like cons like consent what do you mean
by that you
wha what do i what do you need from me
here
and actually talk things through and
supposed to just agree with whatever
your stupid brain comes up with just
give us a heads up
no it's no it's just like just be funny
like just be
funny that's all i want to do and you've
done
i and hayden
whatever you want to be uh known as
you've done the funny
for me personally you've made me laugh
and i hope
i made you laugh as well you did you did
so so it's like never never looked funny
chocolate parts of the cream again
no that's it chuck it in the bin chuck
it in the bin mate
or or sell it to somebody because
we could bottle it and put it on the
etsy
just make it funny just be funny and the
problem is
like praetor like sits there and tries
to be like this super secret society
that makes a buck off chris and doesn't
want anything to do with anyone else
it's like i mean personally i think
you've done well
like you've made me laugh at least
well you get a pass i appreciate it you
get a pass from me
well i mean not to again you know we we
had a we had a good
we had a good banter rolling here and
not to get too sappy but you're you're
not you're not such a bad guy yourself
now we we appreciate you
no problem no problem well listen
i you know i i appreciate the talk and
i'll be
and if if more participation like within
chat and with
stuff you know just being less of a
lurker if y'all are looking for that
that's perfectly fine i'd be happy to
start that's literally anyone
any of us what is more interaction
like yeah i see it well if if more
interaction is what you want i'd be
there that's not a problem uh i that i
that'll consent to i'll swing by a lot
more often i'm sorry
about the kind of disconnect here right
because i think that's what most of this
is born out of
is just a disconnect yeah but there but
there's also like the horrible
amounts of like uh sake [ __ ] you put
through to people like in dms and stuff
oh no there is [ __ ] horrible
like it's not nice at all just like just
be nice you know
just be nice i do my best should i do my
best
no no but you don't you sit there and
you better you're like oh
[ __ ] you mkr and uh i'll speak to anyone
but mkr it's like oh [ __ ] you
like why be a [ __ ] about it like just
just be funny
you know just be funny we used to feel
negatively towards mkr but our thoughts
have changed once we learned that she
does not in fact drink milk through
twizzlers that she
did she resigned to herself
[Laughter]
mkr consider this an official apology
from you know official i don't even want
an official apology
i want a written apology
anymore i don't want to hear you
speaking [ __ ] i don't want any more
[ __ ] shut up
shut the [ __ ] up shut the [ __ ] up shut
the [ __ ] up i don't want any more i
don't want you to
stop speaking please i want a written
apology
i'm sorry mkr about the twizzlers
i'm sorry milk and twizzlers
yeah no i want it written like i want
you to type it out
type it out in the place school child
type type it out say
i i am sorry in chaos that's all it take
that's all it takes to please y'all
give me one that's it yeah that's it
please let me hold on i need like
classic classical music
or something put on the simpsons
despite everything that's it and all the
yelling i'm glad that we can all
actually
release reach to a good at a positive
outcome i feel a little better hearing
that
apologize i do
i do my dearest mkr
you want me to read it out shall i read
it out so far
the danger is concerned now the argument
shall i do an
anglo uh should i do an anglo reading of
it
you got a pretty good narrator's voice
swing it by us
go hold on i'm taking a bit here i'm
taking a bit here
do the voice please well
we all want to get drunk one night
i can do it in the fill voice if you
want yeah i mean there's multiple voices
ready to go
megan can do it too yes
[ __ ]
okay
written apology to mkr
and uh by the looks of it working on
it's been written
it's been written but it's been written
too long like
i think you're well i i can't you're
taking too long to write it
you're taking too long to write it just
write it
your caveman fingers you've uh like
you've smashed like you've got the few
guys on the keyboard
from the simpsons yes the darling
let's get the darling one down when's
amber gonna get one of those
a long time from now
it's a ham hock tap situation i'm
telling you
if you take this long uh hayden
hayden is that right i
is like the pr guy for pratal
is that right is this what i'm getting
at that's close enough
yeah yeah yeah he's still typing out
terry davis
i'm telling you if you take this long to
post it i mean
it better be funny and if it's not funny
i'll delete it
and make you rewrite it again
if i slap i love you at the end is that
too much or is that
what do you think uh just don't be a
[ __ ]
like i want a genuine apology
be serious just be serious
of course sirius is our middle name
right next to kevin
right
hold on nearly done here
for sincerity and actually could someone
really quick run past me how to spell
sincerely
i appear to have totally botched that i
know how
i know how to spell it take it away
[Music]
e no r e r
it's in chat
another one
thank you mkr do you accept our apology
empire please
we're back no no not one [ __ ] bit
what why the [ __ ] would that ever i mean
it's not
a real apology but now i'm obsessed yeah
well we do what we can we do what we can
i probably should have i proud i
probably should have left here a while
ago
we you know we hope that at least some
things were at least semi-solved
uh i no i don't think they were
like that's all they were do i think
anything at all was ever
solved not even in the slightest
not even what are you gonna do the uh
the testing video
you promised the testing video
can cwc uh like tase himself
on video for lolz well
what i'd volunteer what
what i said
in serious and a joke i would
look are you sure though like we had a
whole discussion about why
it's a bad idea are you we'll talk about
this later
okay oh no no i really gotta go before
we make any
rash decisions that involve cwc being
zapped
obviously but i mean this body is part
of electricity literally
so i could take it if you wanted to test
it
rip the piece of electrics out of a
barbecue lighter
i feel like i feel
control over the current like a lighter
battery might be kind of bad
like i don't know where's this piece of
electrics
like what i mean if if you're gonna do
it do it [ __ ] right lad that's all
i'm gonna say
we'll cross the bridges when we come
here for now we must bid you good night
we love you all
have a pleasant one
have a good one hopefully we'll have
your circumstances
all right i've had enough myself and
i'll see you all
later i'll talk to y'all another time
good night
all right see ya chris
all right so stop recording should i
stop recording
yes okay
Analysis
Some Watchmen members complain about Chris's recent payout from Praetor. When Chris brings up that he was paid $400, MKRNightVee objects that Praetor made $6,000. However, the $6,000 figure is revenue, derived from Naught multiplying the OfficialCWCmart price of a Praetor-made medallion by the amount of sales.[7] Without Praetor's expenses known, it is unclear how fair Chris's payout was.
In Virginia, you can legally own a taser without a permit, unless you were convicted of a felony (not to be confused with a misdemeanor).[8][9] This can come as a bit of a shock to readers from some countries like Germany and the United Kingdom, where even the police must have a good reason to use one.
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 User:Anaxis/The_Lainchu_Manifesto#The_Taser_Incident
↑ The Place chats (February 2021)
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Naught)#Taser Discusion clip
↑ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4HfueLWzjY&lc=Ugz1EEI4ON6dhsYi1gN4AaABAg
↑ File:Naught on Taser Discussion voices.png
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20210911170044/https://www.lolcow.org/threads/naught-bismuth-anameisaname-anon-llc-nitto-nanashi-death-of-chans-doppelganger-tardwarsllc-cpu-bismuth-heart-ctrl-moe.724/page-6#post-16738
↑ The Place chats (January 2021)#The Watchmen Think Chris Should Get All of Praetor's Sales Money
↑ Code of Virginia § 18.2-308.2
↑ NBC News
Crystalgate Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Praetor
People: Chris • The Toxic Trio (Naught • MKRNightVee • Kyle) • Praetor Members (Caden Peck • Annabel Ikenberry • Owen Sundstrom • Cabell O'Malley) • Bella • KND • Bible Enabler • The WCT • Anaxis • GiBi • Larry Vaughn • Val • Spunky • Peachy • Klop • Molly the Medium • Justin • Luke • Emgo316
The Games
The Watchmen meet Praetor:
The Disc Dream:
Bella's Introduction:
Crystalgate:
Confrontation:
Aftermath:
The "New Associates"
Justin DMs
Praetor Revealed
Lore Bible
Bible Enabler DMs
Bible Poll
Pennsylvania Trip
Lore Mashup
Praetor Arrives
Goochland Library Sermon
Chris Chan Sonichu Intro animation
"The Avatar State"
"Info Dump"
Taser
Gate Crystal
Piezoelectric Crystal DMs
Taser Discussion
Watchmen-Praetor Confrontations
Plans to dismantle Praetor
Lonely Feelings
MKR Rage Quit
Golden Church of Sonichu
Full Taser Discussion
Coinciding Sagas: Watchmen, Lainchu, Twilight
v • d • e
Chris's leaked videos
2000s
For Julie's Eyes Only • Barb almost goes off • A CWC Audition • April 16 Fetish Vids • Power • CWCFlyingElephants • CWC "Boyfriend" Leaked Edition • Chris Humps His PS3 • Chris Chan creepy smile • THAT IS MY HOUSE (Director's Cut)
2010s
For J-R's Eyes Only • The MovingFoward videos • It Is Finished • Outdoors workout • You're Always Pretty • JenkinsJinkiesCwckiApplication • Cwcsicle • Call Bobby Chandler • Bob's got Cancer • Catch A Wild Snorlax Plus Update on Bob • Bob Chandler's call with The P Capsaicins • Get in touch with Bobby C • Bob Call 6 • Message for John Kyle • A few kicks • Chris's Specimen Sample • Women Only Need Apply - No STD's • Tour of Chris's House III • Chris apologizes to Gwen • Chris slaps himself • Chris pleads to stop Cryzel Torture‎ • All Star • Chris Kisses Cryzel • Chris lost Crystal
2020s
Taser Discussion • Chris Kisses Rosechu • Chris's Last Will and Testament • Chris channels Randy Stair • Fiona Facetime Videos • Waltah White Calls
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Taser_Discussion&oldid=332613"