Title: The Wallflower
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/The_Wallflower
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Surfshack Tito Saga, Sweethearts, Sweethearts-to-be, LGBT, People from the United States, People from Virginia
================================================================================

For the CWCipedia page, see Damien Antaria (CWCipedia page).
PROTIP:
Even though it is an open secret, direct references to the Wallflower's identity will be edited out on the CWCki in most instances. The consequences that follow from this will vary. For more information, see here.
“
Okay, now I'm getting pissed off. First off, stop sending this, I don't want to be reminded of it, second, I told you I'm not your friend anymore, and thirdly, I have a boyfriend now, so back off and leave me alone.
”
The Wallflower ending her friendship with Chris.[1]
“
No. You know Chris has said her name in at least one video, I think, we just don't mention it as she asked nicely and frankly, having to put up being hit on by Chris is enough punishment.
”
Champthom in response to an observer asking about The Wallflower's real name.[2]
The Wallflower
Information
Name
[redacted]
Also known as
Damien AntariaDamienMegan Schroeder's heiressThe WallflowerWallflower
Gender
Female
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Fanfic Author
Saga
CWCipedia, Tito
"The Wallflower" is the codename of a female friend that Chris met some time around mid-to-late January 2010. Often infamously described as "Megan Schroeder's heiress", the Wallflower was one of the few girls Chris has managed to associate with in his post-high school years who is not (as far as can be seen) a direct result of trolling. In March 2010, she joined the long list of would-be sweethearts with whom Chris failed to lose his hated virginity. However, similar to her predecessor, The Wallflower only saw her relationship with Chris as them being "just friends". Also like with her predecessor, this wouldn't stop Chris from making frequent advances on The Wallflower or continually declaring her as his "girlfriend".
After Chris had inadvertently revealed the Wallflower's pen name in one of his Little Big Planet levels, trolls on the /cwc/ imageboard were able to dox her, which led to them leaking portions of her personal life and tons of her rather unique fanfiction, and her getting harassed by said trolls. Eventually, one of the trolls, Surfshack Tito, sent a link to the newly created CWCki page to The Wallflower,[3] which put a significant damper on her relationship with Chris, believing that Chris was the one who set up the page himself, and with Chris only exacerbating the problem.
Nevertheless, in typical Chris fashion, he has taken it upon himself to blame those goddamn trolls for the destruction of this friendship, making several rage-filled videos and posts where he rants about them while also not considering that maybe he was part of the problem.
Contents
1 Aliases
1.1 Wallflower Codename
2 Prologue
3 The "relationship"
4 The "break-up"
5 Chris's Reaction to Anonmization
6 Aftermath
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
Aliases
During her interactions with Chris, The Wallflower went under the pen name "Damien Antaria", her primary online persona which she used when writing and publishing her fanfictions online. Chris had similarly referred to her as a way to respect her wishes in wanting her information hidden, using the pen name in his CWCipedia article dedicated to her that he had written (but only after he wiped the entire thing), as well as in several videos and e-mails that called out trolls. Despite this, Chris has also used The Wallflower's first name Heather a number of times in his videos.
When talking about her publicly, Chris had attempted to keep the Wallflower's identity secret, only vaguely referring to her as his "girlfriend". We all know how this wound up later...
Wallflower Codename
NOTE:
The Wallflower policy wasn't set up solely out of "respect" for the Wallflower or because she inherently "deserves it". It was created first and foremost as a personal agreement between her and CWCki admins. Additionally, the policy is primarily enforced solely on the CWCki and its Discord server; it has no obligation to tell other parties how to handle her dox.
For more info, click here.
“
Okay faggots, listen up. No personal details. Ever.
”
Clyde Cash announcing the Wallflower policy.[4]
“
i have received a message from wallflower herself asking for her info to be removed. while i'd rather not remove any information, at the same time, the article was focusing on personal details about the wallflower that weren't at all related to chris. since i'd rather avoid any trouble here, i've complied with her request. this new article should be used purely for chris-related information, since she is part of christory. if chris uploads information, then you can add it here, but don't add anything you found through internet investigation or whatever.
”
Cogsdev herself, the creator of the Wallflower policy, clarifying the policy.[4]
Under normal circumstances, the CWCki wouldn't be held accountable for the sharing of the personal information of those who get involved with Chris. This is considering the site is all about an autistic weirdo who overshares constantly and has many aspects of his personal life on full display. The site also already has the information of those who inadvertently wound up in the crosshairs of Chris's life, many of whom wouldn't even begin to fathom how infamous Chris would become in later years. Removing the information of such major players, regardless of how much they "deserved" to get doxed, also risks putting significant holes in the narrative if their role with him was crucial to understanding him. For the Wallflower, on the other hand, a very special set of conditions was in place that allowed her censorship.
Originally, before Champthom deleted the original page, this article focused more on the Wallflower than Chris and intruded into parts of her life that had nothing to do with Chris. Feeling that she was in danger as a result of a troll sending her a link to the page, the Wallflower prompted the former CWCki owner, Cogsdev, on 11 March 2010, to request that the article be reworked to refer to her under a pseudonym and avoid direct references to her personal life and identity. Clyde Cash announced this on the page's talk page on the same day.[4] It was determined that omitting the Wallflower's identity (which wasn't made public until Chris carelessly revealed her pen name and trolls actively searched for it); in addition to details surrounding her personal life not related to Chris; wouldn't majorly affect the perception of Chris's story, and the CWCki's administrators agreed to this request, considering the Wallflower a relatively minor player in Chris's story who had stumbled upon him by happenstance and had no prior knowledge of him.
The Wallflower policy was then implemented on the CWCki. This involved censoring the Wallflower's real name where it is most prevalent or wherever Chris stated that he was in a relationship with her, as well as discluding information about her that isn't public or otherwise related to Chris. Otherwise, information about the Wallflower that was dropped by Chris, which included her first name, as well as images of her, were allowed to be showcased in passing, but wouldn't be linked to this page. The Wallflower's pen name, "Damien Antaria", was also permitted to be used on the CWCki. The codename "The Wallflower" originated from the fact that Chris had once referred to her as a "wallflower" due to her apparent hesitancy in a relationship with him in Mailbag 46, where he referred to their friendship as them being "two hip wallflowers".[5]
The Wallflower policy later served as inspiration for its inbred[note 1] (and eventually mercy killed) sibling, the Suitress policy, which took more extreme steps in censoring the gal-pal Fiona Cooper, following drama surrounding her getting doxed by Naught following her being framed by Bella.[note 2] Unlike the Wallflower, Fiona was an active member of the CWCsphere, knew a great deal about Chris, actively sought out Chris, didn't ask for censorship, and actively went against all attempts at it when she did an AMA on a Reddit throwaway. Also, like the Wallflower policy, the Suitress policy threatened to ban users who used Fiona's real identity on pages. Because of the issues this caused, both policies were lessened so that using either of their identities would only result in the edits being reverted, but otherwise, no bans would ensue.
Prologue
“
I have read some of your work, and I am enjoying your writing style; you have a great imagination and you are very creative. I may have missed it during our last talk, but how did you think of <CENSORED> for a pen name?
”
Chris admiring the Wallflower's writings.
Based on an email Chris sent to Vivian Gee, he met The Wallflower on 22 January 2010 at a "Young Adult Social Group,"[note 3] to which she went at the advice of her mother.[1] On 25 January 2010 an email correspondence between The Wallflower and Chris started.[6] Chris, taking note of The Wallflower being a "talented author" to the likes of him, started to form a bond with her.
However, in an email from 28 January 2010, not even a week after they met, The Wallfower wrote to Chris that she didn't feel ready for a relationship yet. [note 4] As will be shown later, Chris was not deterred by that statement and still thought that he had a serious shot at becoming The Wallflower's boyfriend. The first public signs of Chris's involvement with The Wallflower showed up in late January 2010. In Mailbag #46, answered on 26 January, Chris claimed to have joined a "Young Adult Social Group" and "met a lovely woman there who likes me too; we are hitting it off like two hip wallflowers." Around the same time, in Alec Benson Leary Phone Call #3 (which took place on 30 January), Chris said he was expecting a phone call that may have been from her.
The "relationship"
“
By the way, just to be honest, and I like mentioned to you on that Friday, I'm not totally ready to be in a relationship yet. Definitely friends. I'm not the romantic type. I devote my time with work and stories.
”
The Wallflower to Chris.[6]
“
It was getting deep. We hung out at her house in her room; it was comfy. No sex or mouth-to-mouth.
”
Chris explains the deepness of his relationship with The Wallflower
Chris and The Wallflower on a double date with Sonichu and Rosechu in LittleBigPlanet.
See also: Wallflower E-mails and Wallflower E-mails 2
In the 14 February 2010 edition of the CWC Blog, Chris declared that "currently, my girl friend and I are getting along great; the relationship is progressing.[7] I only ask for y'all to leave me with my relationship, and not make me feel intruded by inquiring constantly." When a correspondent in Mailbag 56 challenged Chris to prove the existence of his new "girl friend," Chris replied "she does exist, and I do not appreciate your tone at all."[8]
The relationship was, at best, "just friends." Chris himself has confirmed this in one of his posts on the Sonichu Forum and again in a private chat with Jackie.[9][10]
In a series of e-mails to Vivian, it was revealed that Chris had been seeing The Wallflower for a while, treating her as his girlfriend in almost the same manner he had treated Megan.[11] He had taken her out on a date and had plans for a second. He even admitted to attempting to talk her into taking his virginity on or before his birthday, and had planned to pay for a prostitute if she did not.
Even with all evidence to the contrary, in his "C-Ya Later" video, he unabashedly refers to her as his "girlfriend," despite outright stating earlier that she had refused all his advances.
A series of e-mails revealed by Surfshack Tito reveals that Chris's attachment to The Wallflower had been a one-sided relationship to Chris as The Wallflower, indeed, had no intention of being with Chris and was shocked and appalled at the fact that Chris even thought that she was his sweetheart.
The "break-up"
“
You son of a bitch! Leave me and Tito alone! I don't want you to ever to call my cell or house phone again! I want you out of my fucking life and leave me the hell alone! Or I'm going to have to unfortunately drag my parents into this, and you don't want that.
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!!! I DON'T WANT TO HEAR YOU AGAIN, EVER! AND TAKE MY EMAIL OFF YOUR GODDAMN WEBSITE!!!
”
The Wallflower.[12]
“
Got-Dang Asexual Woman!
”
Chris in his CWCipedia page on The Wallflower a month later.
See also: Wallflower E-mails 3
How to troll both Chris and his trolls in one simple step.
When Chris released a LittleBigPlanet level that had The Wallflower's pen name in the description, trolls used this as a means to find out her real identity; one of them decided to link her to the CWCki.
On 10 March 2010, Chris released a message to the trolls. Emotionally distraught, he speaks in vague terms about troll interference in his life, and of the pains of a broken heart. At the same time, in a Captain's Log entry on the CWCipedia, Chris mentioned "BREAK-UPS FROM BEING EVEN SIMPLY FRIENDS WITH ME," which presumably refers to her cutting off all contact with him.
In the wee hours of 11 March 2010, Chris released a second video, in which he acted out a theoretical meeting between him and an imaginary Clyde Cash that ended with Chris slitting an invisible Clyde Cash's throat. Going by that, it's likely that Chris initially blamed the loss of The Wallflower on his old nemesis.
However, on 14 March 2010, Chris uploaded a new video and shifted the blame to another troll, Surfshack Tito. In between delivering bizarre threats of violence, Chris makes a resolution to "regain the love and trust and friendship" of his gal pal. It is not clear why Chris believes he can accomplish this goal by donning a kilt, waving around a small knife, putting on a grotesque attempt at a Scottish accent, and generally presenting a hideous affront to the culture and people of an entire nation.
Later that same day, Chris made another video where he again referred to The Wallflower by her pen name, and literally begged her to sleep with him because his life was so hard, and otherwise he would have to pay $100 for sex with a hooker.
In the Surfshack Tito E-mails, leaked four days later, Chris was mocked by Tito claiming to have had sex with The Wallflower. While Chris was initially incredulous, in a later video he expressed outrage at Tito for "taking her from [him]," as Wallflower had recently begun to back up his claims.
The third set of e-mails to The Wallflower finally confirms what had happened. As seen, The Wallflower was outright shocked at the vastness of information on her page within the CWCki, assumed that Chris had set the page up himself, and ended their friendship. Chris, however, kept trying to salvage their relationship long after it became obvious that he didn't have a chance, angering her even more. She also asserted her hatred of Chris by first saying that Tito was indeed her boyfriend before giving up and just telling him that she was asexual.
Chris's Reaction to Anonmization
Chris is convinced that the anonymization of the Wallflower took place because of the angry threats he made in his video of 10 March 2010 (roughly around the time the edits were made), when in fact it had nothing to do with him. The changes to this page led him to believe that he could insist on sweeping edits to many other pages, which he listed in the 14 March 2010 Captain's Log update on the CWCipedia. Those demands were ignored.
The e-mails from The Wallflower seem to paint a fuller picture to this. It appears that when The Wallflower discovered her page on the CWCki, she got pissed at Chris and demanded that he remove that information. However, he did it through his YouTube videos. Annoyed, she went to the CWCki herself.
Chris, in the meantime, continued to drop her first name and pen name in his videos, including one which had it in the title.
Chris later also uploaded a list of his former gal-pals and sweethearts on the CWCipedia which included her full name. Chris goes on to blame the existence of her Facebook page for the leak of her identity and the end of their budding relationship.
Continuing with this theme, 19 April 2010 would see Chris adding an entire article about her to the CWCipedia. In addition to the usual fits of megalomania and delirium, the page sported a copy-pasted version of this page. Conspicuously absent, however, was this very section.
To this day, he believes the entire debacle was the Wallflower's fault for having a Facebook page for trolls to discover. Recently, though, Chris has seen fit to partially accept blame for what happened.
Aftermath
It seems that, years since the events of that March morning, Chris has yet to forget her as, returning to the Internet, he calls out Tito and demands that he apologize to her for breaking them up, still referring to her as his "girlfriend." However, a few days later, Chris made a retraction video, apparently clarifying that they were indeed just friends. The description of the video seems to suggest that she found out about the video and demanded he correct it.
Interestingly, though he hasn't forgotten about her, he hasn't "forgiven her" for it.
In September 2012, Chris texted her, in the hopes of getting back in touch with her, though it is unknown if she responded or if she had long changed her number by then.[13] This remains the last known communication between the two, and Chris has most likely forgotten about her in the intervening years, while she did her best to wipe out her Internet presence (including giving up her fanfiction writing hobby) to avoid being further pestered by him or by weens.
See also
Fiona Cooper - Another gal-pal who Chris tried to keep secret, and temporarily received a similar treatment on this wiki.
Flutter - Yet another gal-pal Chris tried to keep secret.
Wallflower E-mails I
Wallflower E-mails II
Wallflower E-mails III
Notes
↑ Pun intended.
↑ Think of what most people think the Wallflower policy is and you basically have the Suitress policy.
↑ On 27 January 2010, Chris wrote to Vivian that he was "attending [his] first Young Adult Social Group Meeting last Friday, where [he] also met and hit it off well with a nice and pretty 23-year old woman." timeanddate.com tells us that 27 January 2010 fell on a Wednesday, and the last Friday before that was 22 January.
↑ timeanddate.com tells us that 28 January 2010 fell on a Thursday; the last Friday before that was 22 January.
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 Wallflower E-mails 3
↑ Thread #49854
(Message #47383). Kiwi Farms.
↑ Surfshack Tito E-mails
↑ 4.0 4.1 4.2 Talk:The Wallflower#Ye olde shit
↑ Mailbag 46#Two hip wallflowers
↑ 6.0 6.1 Wallflower E-mails 1
↑ CWC Blog#February 2010
↑ Mailbag 56#On appreciating tone (also the end)
↑ Sonichu_Forum#News Flash: Chris is still single IRL
↑ Jackie Chat 1
↑ Vivian Gee E-mails 2
↑ Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; no text was provided for refs named WallflowerEmail3
↑ September 2012 Facebook posts#Texting
Tito Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
The Wallflower
Surfshack Tito
Clyde Cash
Cogsdev
Champthom
Surfshack Tito E-mails
Wallflower E-mails (1 • 2 • 3)
Surfshack Tito (video)
A message to the Trolls
Tito Got No Luck Against We Brits, Irish and Scots!
Plea to "Damian Antaria"
Chris Drops the N-Bomb
C-Ya Later
Coinciding Sagas: Clyde Cash, PS3 Hacking, CWCipedia, First Exile, Calling Out
v • d • e
Chris's Love Quest
Candidates (List)
Sarah Hammer ♥ Tiffany Robinson ♥ Natasha Turner ♥ Laura Dorazio ♥ Kellie Andes ♥ Tiffany Gowen ♥ Molly Quarles ♥ Anna McLerran ♥ Hanna "Fandana" ♥ Jelena ♥ Lindsay Kaye ♥ Megan Schroeder ♥ Lori Lopez ♥ Blanca Weiss ♥ Sarah Jackson ♥ Jessie Ruddy ♥ Chloe ♥ PandaHalo ♥ Caitlin ♥ Sarah May ♥ Julie Milvana ♥ Emily Schifflet ♥ Ivy O'Neil ♥ Vanessa Hudgens ♥ Christina Katherine Trevillian ♥ Faeryn "Hambeast" ♥
Kacey Devoria ♥ Regina Novakova ♥ Bailey Jay ♥ The Wallflower ♥ Jacklyn Romy ♥ Mia Hamm ♥ Catherine Sorrentino ♥ DoopieDoOver ♥ Jessica Quinn ♥ Bryan Shickley ♥ Various OCs (Magi-Chan Sonichu ♥ Cryzel Rosechu ♥ Mewtwo ♥ Sylvana Rosechu ♥ Pickchu) ♥ Tings Tingz ♥ Jacob Sockness ♥ MKRNightVee ♥ Annie Ikenberry ♥ Isabella Janke ♥ Fiona Cooper ♥ Barbara Chandler ♥ Flutter
Purpose
Sex ♥ China ♥ Crystal Weston Chandler (daughter) ♥ Reginald Chandler
Obstacles
Mary Lee Walsh 💔 JERKS 💔 Jerkops 💔 Manajerks 💔 Autism 💔 Virginia is for Virgins 💔 Noviophobia 💔 Friend zone 💔 Trolls
Writings
"Valentines Day Hymn" 🖋 "For My True Love, I Would…" 🖋 "Hard Love Quest" 🖋 "I Want a Girlfriend for Christmas" 🖋 "Saddest Heart in the World" 🖋 "All I Want For Christmas Is a Pretty Girlfriend" 🖋 "So Need a Cute Girl" 🖋 "Feel So Lonesome" 🖋 "Gal-Pals and Past Sweethearts" 🖋 Masturbation discussions 🖋 Lovers Attributes List
Resources
How to Talk to Girls ♥ Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability
See also
Affair with Mother • Attraction Location • Attraction Sign • Boyfriend-free girl • Dating • Dating education • Gal pal • Heart level • Heart Torch of Fail • Love Triangle • Lovely Weather • Mass debating
• Polyamorous marriage • Raincoat • Red String of Fate • Semen • Sex toys • Sweetheart from the Ground-Up • Third date • Virgin with rage
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=The_Wallflower&oldid=347874"