Title: The Place chats (December 2019)
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/The_Place_chats_(December_2019)
Categories: Magi-Chan Possession, 2020 Discord leaks
================================================================================

This page contains chats from the Watchmen Discord server The Place during December 2019.
Some chats listed were released as part of the 2020 Discord leaks.
Server members present in the chats below are: Chris (@Sonichu982), Kyle (@Nova), and Protoman00 (@Protoman00).
Contents
1 Cold, ProjectSNT, and Dating Sim
2 Dimensions
3 Art request for Sockness lore
4 TSSSF cards at bronycon
5 TSSSF card partnerships
6 Apologising to SNT for redesign rage
7 Asking others to contact SNT
8 Chris asks for Jacob to be kicked
9 Two Chrises dream
10 Dating Sim and transformations
11 Chris tries to clarify
12 More Seething Towards SNT
13 Chris explains why Jacob is gone
14 Marvin blocks Sockness, fated Pokemon card
15 Priorities
Cold, ProjectSNT, and Dating Sim
10-11 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - ProjectSNT and Opuscon789#Cold, ProjectSNT, and Dating Sim
Dimensions
11 December 2019
Chris
Hey.
I was projected in CS-89 the whole night; I leveled up quick enough to make it to Cwcville from Rulecwc.
I had to regain my abilities in that dimension.
Anyway
Apparently, CS-89 is also Plutia’s and Peashy’s main home dimension.
I have found that some choice items, individuals and so forth from there are being fatefully brought over into C-197, as there is a merge of those two dimensions as well.
But, moreover bringing in the choice and fated individuals as needed to save them from something that is going to happen there in CS-89.
The goddesses and I, and everyone else are continuing to determine the details.
Protoman00
Good morning Christine! Who did you bring over?
Chris
I ended up brining with me my self-counterpart from CS-89, a bunch of treasures I had acquired from the Dimension, and Plutia and the others with us at the moment.
My head is feeling faltering right now
I feel like I might crash again in a moment.
Check you later.
Protoman00
See ya! Hope you feel better!
Kyle
Just for clarity's sake, could we have a summary chart of each one?
To anyone not as intimately onvolved, might help follow things
[45 minutes later]
Protoman00
The Cwcki has documented most of them although it's a bit sparse on details
Chris
Eye Twitching
Protoman00
As much as I don't like the Cwcki, it is a pretty good place for newcomers to learn about the dimensional merge.
I'm assuming you'll probably make some more videos explaining it in more detail in the future. I'm sure people would appreciate that since most people prefer to watch something rather than read.
Gallery
Art request for Sockness lore
12 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Art request for Sockness lore
TSSSF cards at bronycon
12 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Naught (giving context)
(December filled with murmurs of Courtney Snt and tssf cards either rejected or accepted)
December 12th asked about bronycon
Chris
The original set had at least five or ten expansions from themselves, and they allowed fans to add onto it.
So, I dare say, Countless.
It is big at conventions, yes
Y’all should look up TSSSF and the Children of Kefentse community of players.
I don’t have the numbers
Thinking I would be able to make a flow chart off-hand.
TSSSF card partnerships
12 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Originally, the planned Expansions were Sonichu & Rosechu, Nightstar & Friends, Chris Chan Sonichu, IdeaGuyCorruptions, Sonichu/Rosechu OCs, Nightvee (Warriors for Andromeda added into that one), Samurai Pizza Bots and Super/Mega Forms.
Arizona Slime was a, let’s say, Bonus Expansion Pack.
And I like doing more for the while longer, so I opted to help with Sonichu Villains, Hangin’ With Magi-Chan, and (pending Courtney’s response to proceed) SNT & Friends.
The Promo cards were planned as well.
Apologising to SNT for redesign rage
14 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Main article: The Place chats - ProjectSNT
Asking others to contact SNT
14 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - ProjectSNT
Chris asks for Jacob to be kicked
15 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Chris asks for Jacob to be kicked
Chris requested that Jacob Sockness, an untrusted guest in The Place, be removed.
Two Chrises dream
15 December 2019
Chris
Good Morning.
I just had a really odd dream that I woke up from.
I went back in time to somewhen about 2004; the location was the Charlottesville Wal-Mart, and they had the McDonalds inside. (edited)
I was going to enjoy some free time walking the store, and then my past self from that year entered.
He saw me from behind, became attracted and started pursuing me. I felt creeped out by him the whole time, and it wasn’t until after the chase ended at the other side of the store that I pulled a crazy.
I turned my head upside-down, and seeing my upside-down face freaked him out.
At least I was recognized and pursued as a pretty woman. But it felt sooo awkward that it was my past self.
I have a better understanding how all of the other women who saw me back in those earlier years felt about me.
[redacted]
Thats interesting, not that I put too much faith in dream psychology, but you think it means anything deep down?
Chris
Advanced knowledge tells that I am not fond of who I was decade and a half ago; naive, horny and impulsive, as I was, and yet chronicled well in the recorded dialogue on Geno’s documentary video series.
Also, considering I have taken in an infinite amount of my other Chris Chan Sonichu counterpart’s from the other dimensions yesterday, I was crossing paths with one of them.
Freaking Fan-Fictions that continue to have me depicted as Past-Tense like that.
Gallery
Two Chrises dream
Dating Sim and transformations
15-16 December 2019
MKRNightVee, Kyle, AquaDiamond8, and a Deleted User discuss plans for creating a dating sim based on Chris's characters. Chris does not comment during the discussion; afterwards he makes a remark about the stress of traversing dimensions or transforming.
MKRNightVee
I'll be doing the character art for the dating simulator, I'm looking forward to it. I hope you help out a lot too with it
@Sonichu982
Let's make this the first official sonichu video extra special and zap to the extreme! ^-^
Kyle
With a game, the salebility is much higher, more markets for that.
Just to throw some numbers down, can do 10k on the low end, priced at 10 bucks a pop.
Thats 100k in revenue, 30k in variable cost on platform fees.
Hard to move that much physical merch, honestly, if we do it right, its no contest.
Deleted User
@MKR Are you? I thought I was doing the portraits. I’m not great at things like backgrounds and menu design. It’s okay if you’d prefer to do them, though.
AquaDiamond8
[posts art]
MKRNightVee
I thought you were doing the writing and items?
Deleted User
Me?! Noooo! I think Bis and Kyle are taking care of the writing. I wrote up an item list because I was going to draw those too, lol. I do love drawing items.
Speaking of which, haven’t finished it yet. Will get on it soon!
MKRNightVee
I didn't mean to take your job if you were doing it tho?
Deleted User
I mean, I’d love to do it, if that’s okay! I just haven’t been in the server the past few days while I was recovering, so I thought you guys might’ve decided to switch or something.
AquaDiamond8
lowkey dont know my job -sits in corner-
Deleted User
Buuuuut we do need people do draw like, fully rendered artwork for story scenes? I’m assuming there’ll be battle scenes in the story.
I’d suck at that, do you wanna do it?
MKRNightVee
I just thought the style should be kept constant and since I have experience in drawing the characters it would be best for me to step up? Yeah I'll do it.
AquaDiamond8
^^^^
OH, what if the character the person belongs to is repsonible for the art of that character?
Deleted User
You’re right, they should definitely be consistent. Actually, I’m generally pretty stylised in my artwork and I wanna try and tone that down for this project to get as close to Christine’s art as possible. Tell you what; I’m getting a new graphics tablet for Christmas, that’s why I’m not working on art already. Wanna collaborate on a unified design then? Then we can both work from that.
And Aqua too, actually.
AquaDiamond8
Nightvee is mkr. val me, like that? so its like a collab
Deleted User
But I don’t want to be credited. I don’t intend to have Ariel show up at all. Although this is before she was born anyway, lol.
AquaDiamond8
just an idea is all
Deleted User
Honestly, I wish I had my tablet. It’d help if I could contribute and show you guys an example of a portrait, get feedback. Feels like Christmas is taking forever to come.
MKRNightVee
[posts art]
Its rough
My work is usually more refined, but like this
Deleted User
That’s awesome!
MKRNightVee
Thank you
AquaDiamond8
thats really good
MKRNightVee
I plan to make the game art much cleaner
Deleted User
Honestly, it’s kind of exciting and bizarre to see this game happen. Credit to Kyle, I think it was his idea initially. It’s gonna be crazy to see it on Steam!
Um, but anyway. Back to R&R for me. Basically, I’d still like to have a go at the portraits, if that’s alright? But I gotta admit, that Magi-Chan portrait is really good, Meghan! Even for something rough. I’ll be able to show you guys what I can do before New Year, and then if you guys still think Meghan’s art would be best for the portraits, that’s o-okay.
... A-okay.
Typo makes me look like a roleplaying neckbeard.
MKRNightVee
Sure
Deleted User
[posts reaction image]
Kyle
Alright alright.
[Eight hours later, 2:42 AM on 16 December]
Chris
Hey.
Just noting a personal observation for y’all’s reference.
The first time, or first few times, when your body literally undergoes a super powerful transformation, or a transition from one dimension into another (the Hard Way), you are very likely to feel some motion sickness as a side-effect on the changes going on.
Frequency changes between dimensions definitely bring on some motion.
That is all for now. I go beddy-bye for now.
Goodnight.
Think this is how Beast Boy felt when he first started transforming into animals.
It takes getting used to.
Gallery
Chris tries to clarify
16 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Naught (giving context)
Chris tries to clarify
Chris
I was talking of Dimension Frequencies; the unique frequency of a dimension and/or timeline that differentiate it from the infinite other dimensions.
There are also Frequencies Between Dimensions (it can be a Void), like the one between 1218 and C-197 (the Iron Curtain) that we are still working around and through towards the completion of the Dimension Merge.
I am not feeling at my best right now.
I’ll check back later.
More Seething Towards SNT
19 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - ProjectSNT#More Seething Towards SNT
Chris explains why Jacob is gone
Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Magi-Chan. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "wife".
22 December 2019 (leaked as part of the 2020 Discord leaks)
Naught (giving context)
Chris talks as magi-chan:
Chris/Magi-Chan
Magi-Chan - Yes, I agree as well.
Jacob Was valuable for his individual knowledge, wisdoms and sorcery skills (albeit fickle, but still with promise).
After I, Tri, Val and Christine have personally gone in and took in the intelligence and tech of the Rokat, we have been formulating our plans on the continued flow of events and our premonitions of all future possibilities.
Jacob’s usefulness had come to an end around when Michiro had showed me around the local VR Simulator rooms for the Rokat Grunts and Soldiers to project themselves and carry out orders and tasks in other dimensions and areas to transport relics and rare goods for Jakoba’s mal-intentions.
I took a temp job to spare an individual from being a slave to their system, and also to gather the better intelligence.
Jakoba realizes that to us, Jacob has met his limit at the present time, so he is trying to discourage us through him.
Anyway, with what we have gathered from there, is and will be most helpful to us in going between dimensions; you all and us, so we can group and work together for the greater good and safe future.
With all of us working together, both worlds and dimensions will be safe and well together.
Our plan, as Jacob had put it, has been in not decreasing the magic of C-197, but Increasing the Magic in 1218, so the merge can be completed.
We had foreseen this outcome, waiting for the confirmation from Jacob’s wording, and this was our big plan, indeed.
Naught (giving context)
The leaker asked why magi-chan still messages Jacob, and he compares him to the idea guys,
Chris/Magi-Chan
Yes, Jakoba and Jacob’s relationship was similar to that between IdeaGuy and Johnson Wiles.
Naught (giving context)
Chris talking as magi-chan:
Chris/Magi-Chan
Except, in the past time, IdeaGuy had the motives and ideals, while Johnson was the pawn with firepower and soldier ranks.
To get Christine to write his lore, which she did not, fully.
Jakoba is aware of Christine’s stronger ability to write, act and think events and actions into fact, which was the reasoning.
And in that, I intentionally told her to Not read his texts in this dimension, with the exception of the one part about the Good Mirror of ElAeRa.
But she did not consciously know of his wordings and literature.
Jakoba, through Jacob, wanted her to make a card of Jacob’s dimensional mirror, but she did not.
Instead, she chronicled our Mirror of ElAeRa.
And she did the same of her Celestial Key, Light-Powered Celestial Mojo, and the temple powers of this house and even the gazebo in the backyard
Marvin blocks Sockness, fated Pokemon card
23 December 2019
Main article: The Place chats - Jacob Sockness#Marvin blocks Sockness, fated Pokemon card
Priorities
29 December 2019
Chris comments on the Sonichu-themed dating sim game that some server members have been planning to make and sell with his participation. He has instead prioritized other things, such as binge-watching the animated series Guardians of the Galaxy.
[12:39 AM]
Chris
Hey.
I Know, y’all needed my input for the dating sim project; I ended up having many a fated event and feeling happen within and all around me.
Also, binged “Guardians of the Galaxy” animated series on Disney+. I will try to be on tomorrow; now is the time for my nightly physical rest and further soul activity.
Goodnight.
Gallery
v • d • e
Watchmen Chats
The Place Discord Chats
By date: Sept '19 • Oct '19 • Nov '19 • Dec '19 • Jan '20 • Aug '20 • Sept '20 • Oct '20 • Nov '20 • Dec '20 • Jan '21 • Feb '21 • Mar '21 • Apr '21 • May '21 • Jun '21By title (first layer): Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • ProjectSNT • Chris and CWCki Server • Megan Obsession • New Associates • Praetor Revealed • Chris Chan Bible • Pennsylvania Trip • Lore Mashup • Praetor Arrives • Infighting, Anime, and the Merge • Avatar State • Piezoelectric Crystals • Watchmen-Praetor confrontations • Lonely feelings‎ • Masturbation discussions • Lovers Attributes List‎ • Affirmations List • Psychic Detective‎ • Book Stress • Leaving The PlaceBy title (second layer): Randy Stair discussion • Jahans discussion‎ • Angefly • Fuckery Afoot‎
Lainchu Chroniclings
The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals‎‎ • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Solo members
Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • Naught DMs • MKR DMs • WCT DMs
Calls
CWC and Friends on Google Hangout (July 20th, 2020) • Movie Night Confrontation
Discord Servers Raided by Watchmen
Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes
See Also
Knights Chats
v • d • e
2020 Discord leaks
Parties
Naught • Official CWCki Server
Chat and DM leaks
Kai DMs • Kyle DMs • Other chats (April '20) • Other chats (May '20) • Other chats (July '20) • Other chats (Aug '20) • Other chats (September '20) • Other chats (undated) • Sockness DMs • The Place (Oct '19) • The Place (Nov '19) • The Place (Dec '19)
Image leaks
Jun '20 • Jul '20 • Undated
Writing leaks
Dimensional Barrier Shatter Spell • Sonichu Journal Pages • Whispering Spell (Restore Magic)
See also
Official CWCki Server chats
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=The_Place_chats_(December_2019)&oldid=323646"