Title: The Autobots of Cwcville
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/The_Autobots_of_Cwcville
Categories: 
================================================================================

The Autobots of Cwcville is a blog post published by Chris to Cwclight on 1 February 2025. It is the eighth post to the website, published seventy-seven days after the previous one. It should be noted that Chris took a third trip to Finland between publishing the previous post and this one.
The Autobots of Cwcville
The city and Nation of Cwcville has a great number of defenses and heroes who protect it and nearby.
One of which is the Autobots of Cwcville, appointed by Optimus Prime, himself.
Let's go back to the year 1993 when Robert Franklin Chandler, Jr. was indicted as Mayor, and during that time Chris and Barbara had moved to Midlothian, Virgina the better educations.
Between both Robert and Magi-Chan Sonichu, they knew the facts that Chris was to be earnestly physically and magically trained with Psychic Powers, and in the years not long from then when Chris and I would become awakened of our Powers and Abilities, not just the city of Cwcville, but the entire state of Virginia would become a popular target of super villains and foes.
As early as 1980, Magi-Chan personally trained and evolved a LOT of Alakazams and other Psychic and various Pokemon for the initial defenses and evolved reinforcements.
He had also selected and trained a number of Psychic and Fairy types of Special and Regular Sonichus and Rosechus, with increasing numbers of the species after the Chaos Rainbow of February 1, 2003.
These over-leveled, Hyper-Trained and Mega Evolvable Pokemon were the earliest Defense groups.
Robert also contacted Optimus Prime of the Autobots and inquired of any able Aubots to help defend the city.
Fortunately, a team of five Cybertronian Autobots had been personally designed, manifested and trained to Voyger-Ranks, even though most of them were deluxe class bots, by Autobot Chris-Chan, herself, and her partner, Rungop, as well as links with the ancients, histories and wisdoms.
More on their story later.
The alliance with the Autobots was made.
Also, a special project made on Cybertron and imported, a set of five combining vehicles that were piloted by Cwcville's team of Power Ranters to combat kaiju-sized threats.
The barterings and alignments were made in 1993; the Zords were completed by 1995, with upgrades (since Go-Karts were prototypically fragile; they were no longer simply Go-Karts), and the team, led by Christian from 1995 to 2000, was formed as Krash Dummi had gathered his troops and targeted Virginia in mid-late 1995.
The Psychic Tower that hovers over the Cwcville Police Department had been erected in 1995, and the inside could only be accessed by code and key-controlled elevator and/or by Teleporting into it by a Psychic Type.
We have our various teams to defend depending on the severity of the offenses and size.
Megatron/Galvatron had attempted to harness energy from Cwcville's resources and Sonichus and Rosechus a few times and was thwarted and repelled by Son-Chu and his team with back up.
Even a number of attacks by the piloted vehicons of Walsh and Graduon, the Pokemon and tank-level threats of Team Rocket, and Robotnik's mechanical oversized menaces could not stand easily against Cwcville's Autobts, Power Rangers, the Sonichus, Rosechus and Pokemon of the Psychic Squadron and the Special Sonichus and Rosechus of the city of Cwcville, VA.
But here is the story of our Cybertronian Team.
On Cybertron in our Universe 1C-211987, the wars between the Autobts and Decepticons (with the allied Guardians and Renegades of the lost planet of Gobotron on Cybertron as well) did wage on from time to time, and their war had reached Earth time and again, as chronicled in Generation 1 and updated over the years.
On Cybertron, there are the creators and scientists who help make, heal and restore their fellow bots, be they in the same alliance, different or neutral.
One Autobot that was manifested from Vector Sigma within Cybertron Primus, that also had a direct link with this Universe's Core and Matrix was a bright blue and pink (female) Autobot that started out with an alt-form of a microscope (or the tank mode was an option as well with that body type) who had awoke with the Avatar insights and foreknowledge, and from that dubbed herself after the one Avatar of all existence with the name Chris-Chan.
Chris-Chan had developed and learned from her studies and meditations of Cybertron, her race, and the entire Universe in her own spirituality with her spark.
She had observed all mechanics of the other bots of various sizes, origins, combination abilities, Headmaster and Weaponmaster, Mini-Cons, Micromasters, Transectors, the Titan Bots, Primus and Unicron, and so on.
Chris-Chan had developed her own unique technologies from her spiritual and multi-versal explorations.
There was a time when she had fatedly fallen then was resurrected by the Universe Core and Primus, but with a great immortal benefit.
During her down time, her spark had traveled to an alternate Universe where her self-counterpart there was a Prime.
She donned and possessed the Matrix of Leadership on behalf of Rodimus Prime.
Chris-Chan Prime was in an alternate Universe that was slated to be lost and become a void by will of a certain Dark Evil Sorcerer, there, who had slain the one Avatar there.
When that Universe was lost, so was (Autobot) Chris-Chan Prime, or was she?
Back on Cybertron in our Universe 1C-211987 about three days after her fall, Chris-Chan was Alive and fully Restored as she was without any loss of memory or data.
She had quite the souvenir in her core, the Matrix of Leadership from the lost universe.
Now, she had become a Prime, while the Matrix remained within Optimus Prime.
And from her later creations, she created her life-giving partner, Rungop, with a bit of energy from her Matrix.
And to note, ALL of that had transpired within the past over 1,000 (Earth) Years, and at this point, now, it had become within the Earth's year 1739 A.D.
Continuing in her pursuits, she manifested and gave life to a number of other Autobots while also upgrading her fellow Bots on Cybertron as well.
She made and gave life to a yellow and blue Autobot, and upon completion, she had a vision of Sonichu Prime from the Earth's future, so she dubbed this Autobot Son-Chu with glory and pride.
Chris-Chan Prime had appreciated her Microscope and Tank from and original body, but as a Prime, she felt it was time for an upgrade of her own.
So with Rungop's help, she created a Transector that took the form of a lovely stylish sports race car, and she created the body to migrate her head onto, and Chris-Chan Prime became a Headmaster.
But she didn't stop there, for she also gave her new body Combiner Limb compatibility and form, so she can better and actively help her team.
She still has her original body reformed into a transector, but her choice weapon remains her Scope Cannon.
Chris-Chan Prime has bested the Decepticons, including Shockwave, Megatron and Galvatron time and again, alone and alongside her team, as well as Optimus and Rodimus, themselves.
Now, Autobot Son-Chu, since his creation and spark-given activation by Chris-Chan Prime and Rungop, he learned of the history and the future from his creator and fellow Autobot, and Son-Chu enlisted for combat training with Chris-Chan Prime taking part as well.
They met and became friends with fellow Autobots Excelina, Bumba-Lumba, Prowler and Armoraxe, among other Bots.
They all trained, fought hard and tough, and survived for many of Earth's years.
Son-Chu was elected to be Leader by his peers and friends.
Come 1993 after Optimus Prime talked with Mayor Robert Franklin Chandler, Jr. of Cwcville, Optimus contacted the Autobot Brigade and Eleite for a team of Autobots to go to Virginia to assist in defense services.
Chris-Chan Prime responded and elected Son-Chu and his team; she showed Optimus their earned ranks and marks, and he agreed.
So Son-Chu, Excelina, Bumba-Lumba, Prowler and Armoraxe took a Space Bridge and arrived in Cwcville, Virginia on Earth, greeted and welcomed by Robert and Magi-Chan.
And the Autobots of Cwcville have been and continued to rescue and earn their keep and Energon.
During the events with IdeaGuy in 2017 and 2018, Son-Chu had lost his body, but Chris-Chan Prime had foreseen this and had built a new transector and carted it to Earth and upgraded Son-Chu's head to be a Headmaster for it.
No memories or data was lost.
Ther was also a time where Chris-Chan's Matrix needed to be safeguarded and transferred, and Son-Chu was entrusted with the task and succeeded.
The central base of the Cwcville Autobots is just outside of the city to the Northwest and not far from the General Electric plant.
Optimus Prime, Ratchet and Wheeljack, with their construction bots imported restored parts from a destroyed space shuttle to make what they needed and where to store Energon.
Prime helped to provide at times, as well as where I instantly manifest up to a year's supply at a time with my godly powers.
In addition to the five Autobots, four others later came in to work at the base and help as needed.
A medic who transforms into a helicopter by the name of Chapper.
A voyager-size warrior gal who transforms into a fighter jet called Wave.
A rescue bot who transforms into an artillery vehicle with a cannon that not only can blast debris and Decepticons, but also can shoot out water and flame defusing liquid; they call him Fireshot.
And a tech and intelligence-savvy jeep bot who maintains the equipment with Armoraxe's help, and he keeps track of all incoming and in-city threats; good ol' Rollout.
To note, the team name, "Samurai Pizza Bots"; there were only two Autobots of the team who actually knew of the martial and samurai arts and defenses: Excelina and Prowler.
The "Team Name" had been thought up by Punchy Sonichu later on after his arrival into Cwcville and meeting Prowler.
Plus, I liked the reference, so I left that chronicled as was to be updated later on in the comic books.
Son-Chu, Excelina, Bumba-Lumba and Armoraxe each had a human partner (half-human, half-Sonichu in Chris Chan's case), and the other three human partners had worked at pizza places around the city (I roll my eyes as well).
The team also had outsourced and made trips to other parts of Virginia quick on their wheels, and to other parts of the Earth by either Space Bridge or an Alakazam teleporting each Bot.
Now, individual Autobot introductions:
Son-Chu is the leader of the Cwcville Autobot Team.
Son-Chu takes examples of leadership from Optimus Prime, Chris-Chan Prime, Chris(tine) Chan Sonichu (C-197 half), Magi-Chan Sonichu Prime, and even Sonichu Prime, Rosey Rosechu Prime and Bumblebee.
He places safety and security over everyone else, as well as himself in a good valor and mindset.
He had taken the form of a blue Ford Escort station wagon in 2000, but before that, he had taken form of a blue Chevrolet Impala.
And after becoming a Headmaster in 2018, Son-Chu took the form of a blue 2017 Ford Fusion.
And in losing the shield from his previous form, Chris-Chan Prime had given Son-Chu a Lion Bot partner that transforms into his shield, Silver.
Son-Chu would keep Chris safeguarded on his trips to Charlottesville and back or on other road trips from time to time before when Chris was able to transform into his Sonichu form and run at mach speeds, personally.
Son-Chu also would meditate and connect with the sparks of the Cybertronians before him and in appreciation of his own spirituality and the Universe.
He even connected with the sparks of Vector Sigma, Alpha Trion, Chris-Chan Prime, Primus and others and get sound advice, wisdoms and insights that help keep him better motivated and focused.
During the breaks and down times, he keeps his mind sharpened and focused with routine physical combat and tactic practices, as well as the mentally stimulation simulations from Cybertron, as well as Earth games like Tetris, Trivia and Word/Number games and other puzzles.
He also appreciates the natural amenities of Earth.
He remains open, sharp, focused and mindful to anything that could be a threat.
Silver is a loyal lion bot with excellent animal instincts and intelligence that can easily rival Ravage.
In his original form, Silver could also eject himself as a Headmaster and man a free transector as needed, while his body remained as a simple shield.
He would later receive his own transector that took the form of a lion bot in alt mode and be his own bot like the others.
He can also still change his body's size and transform into a good shield for Son-Chu or other Bots.
Excelina is anything but a "low-level Arcee clone".
During her combat training with Son-Chu and the others, Excelina exhibited more grace, tanacity and quick instincts similar to Windblade.
If you want to compare her fighting style with anyone, though, it would have to be none other than Chun-Li of Street Fighter fame.
Excelina's vehicle form is a stylish motorcycle, and when on the move, she projects a hologram of a driver in the seat or off the seat.
Her human partner is Saketh.
Born in Cwcville on Saturday, April 25, 1975, she has had the fascination with the mixed martial arts, math and sciences.
She took a job at a Pizza Hut in the south-east segment of the city for further college tuitions.
She loved her Suzuki motorbike for five years, but it was finding challenges of its own in 1993.
Then, parked not far from the college dorm, a certain dark pink motorcycle was chillin' and on patrol; Saketh marveled at the motorcycle, until when she spoke back.
One thing led to another, and a spying Decepticon nearby got suspicious.
So, Excelina told Saketh to hop abord, and they drove off.
Excelina also shared a fascination of science with Saketh.
Armoraxe is a tough and durable, but hardheaded yet lovable, bot who loves to Jam with the Beats and Tunes with his custom Cybertron guitar that doubles as an Energon-Charged Blade Axe, a machine shot rifle for gunning down Decepticons, and his bird bot partner, Jet.
His personality is a combination of (G1) Jazz and Bulkhead.
His vehicle form is a souped-up Cube truck with 11 decible-cranking speakers and subwoofers.
Hel'' Jam in the off-time, but he can and likes to lift steel girders like dumbell weights with concrete slabs on either end.
His human partner, Jeremiah, but you can call him Jereth, is a bulky black man from the streets who carried a big ol' beatbox stereo on his shoulder crankin' out the beats and jams of dub, electronic, funk and swag.
You think I don't know what I'm talkin' about, he didn't either within the 'burbs of the North segment of Cwcville.
Rockin' 23 in 1993.
He met Armoraxe at a rager of a par-tay outside the building.
Jereth was jammin' to his own beats, and Armoraxe could not help but join in and invite him to cruise the streets with Jereth's beatbox hooked up to his woofers.
That was a wild night in '93.
Bumba-Lumba may be mold-mates with Bumblebee and Cliffjumper and others, but he's actually more like Gears without the grumpy circuit card, but not as docile.
The scout will Zap It UP almost like a Sonichu with a Rain Dance turned on.
His sporty green coupe vehicle mode and short stature allows him to be Hot Wheels fast and stealthy when it comes to in-person or distant spy and recon on an enemy and their hard drives.
He spies well on missions upon Decepticons, Team Rocket, Robotnik, and so on.
His Ten K Volt Stingers and Blaster will disable a heavy enough mechanical foe.
His partner, Raven LoMique is a major spy-lover and active espionage type with a punk style and a caring, loving heart and soul.
He heralds from within the suburbs of Cwcville.
She found Bumba's lime green sheen glistening on break at the Cwcville Shopping Mall.
He was spying on the spies spying on Mayor Robert Chandler.
Raven helped Bumba confirm and bust the spies that day.
Raven was 19 in '93.
Prowler is a solo act with high-spark spirituality and a mastery of the samurai and martial arts, but he still worked well with his teammates.
I am not saying he's a copy/paste of (Animated) Prowl, mold-mate aside, his personality was more like Drift from his spotlight comic book with a dash of G1 Prowl.
He prefers his motorcycle with side-car alt mode in disguise.
Bludgeon really had to contend with Prowler at times, yet Bludgeon always lost.
When things started to heat up in 1995 with Krash Dummi on the prowl against the Power Rangers of Cwcville, a few more Autobots had to be sent to help with the rescues of the citizens and defenses.
That's when Chapper, Wave, Fireshot and Rollout were called in from the Autobot Brigade on Cybertron.
The medic-bot, Chapper, always saw to the aid and rescues of the civilians and his fellow bots.
He can be compared to First Aid in personality, but with the expertise and knowledge like Ratcht.
On the move, he swoops in as a helicopter.
The mildly hot-headed, yet level-headed warrior, the lovely Wave will fly in and take down all of the Decepticlones, Cons and large foes in her wake with as much caution as possible.
She is always on-target and with precision.
A few times, as a 70-plus story building was falling down like a tree, Wave swooped in, transformed and held the falling structure in place until the civilians were cleared away.
Her mach-speed jet form can't out pace most Sonichus or Rosechus, but you can always count on her to save the day and hit the mark.
Fireshot takes a page in personality from (G1) Inferno, but on the battlefield, he's more like (Armada) Hot Shot.
The extending cannon of his can almost rival Megatron's, but it is used to help civilians trapped in fire with the powered flow of water or retardent foam.
And his cannon can extend to very high stories like a ladder to climb down and up on.
His armored vehicle mode may seem spacey, but it is Tough like Ironhide on steroids.
The technician and intelligence data bot, Rollout maintains the equipment at the base, but with Chapper also creates a number of technological marvels that even Wheeljack would applaud.
He can also emit holograms for camouflage on spy and battlefield work.
His ATV Jeep form suits him well.
Before leaving Cybertron, Chris-Chan Prime upgraded Armoraxe and Excelina so they can also serve as combiner limbs as needed.
And Wave, Chapper, Fireshot and Rollout are 4/5 of a full Combiner Team.
And when Chris-Chan Prime is with them, her ability to become a God-Level Right Hand with a Sword gives any Autobot Combiner Team a Real Edge against the Kaiju-Size foes.
With Wave at the center, the combiner team merges to become Medatron.
v • d • e
CWC Blog (2024-25)
All Posts
Welcome to Cwclight • Rules on Comments • FAQ, questions frequently asked of me. • Sonichus, Rosechus, and more • Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime • Blake Sonichu • A few previously unanswered questions • Ultra Sonichu • The Autobots of Cwcville • Dimension Merge supplements • The Book of the Dimension Merge • Transformers Legacy United Merge Bios • Random Thoughts (will be updated from time to time) • Prophetic Details
Numbered
2024: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 82025: 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14
See Also
Cwclight • CWC Blog (2009-10)
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=The_Autobots_of_Cwcville&oldid=350208"