Title: The Place chats - Leaving The Place
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/The_Place_chats_-_Leaving_The_Place
Categories: Category, Pages with reference errors
================================================================================

On 26 June 2021, Chris decided to leave The Place after The WCT convinces him to turn against the Toxic Trio, who up to that point had gotten into major conflicts with some of Chris's other allies, such as Praetor and Anaxis. In the post he made regarding this decision, he also talks about the Dimensional Merge, and warns of an "impending battle within the ranks", implying a conflict will likely happen between the Watchmen.
Contents
1 Background
2 Voice Chat
3 Voice Chat
4 Place Chat
5 Chris leaves The Place
6 DM with MKRNightVee
7 References
Background
Voice Chat
22 June 2021[1]
Chris, please leave the place. If you want to know why that is, I'll explain.
Something going further wrong in the group once again?
I need to VC with you in private.
Just you and me.
Okay.
I will voice chat with you, Neko.
Day after tomorrow; Friday the 25th; 4:30 pm, (your) Pacific time.
yes, that sounds good with me.
Remember, just you and me.
Ok?
this is a very serious matter, and don't worry, you're not in trouble. This has something to do with other stuff.
btw, why are you unable to VC tomorrow? I need to talk with you urgently.
Fated Timing. Also, Barbie Chan is planning on doing some physical work in sorting a bunch of small boxes that have been needing to be sorted and disposed or placed properly.
Very likely, I will have become fatigued in helping her complete this task by the time I would have been most likely receptive, but the strongest at the time would likely very much be up to ten percent receptive.
Also, I am presently going through a major upgrade and transformation spiritually and in my Goddess abilities and powers. This process will very much definitely be flowing through into the entire day and night today (the 24th). Also, Strawberry Full Moon as part of that massive equation, so my brain and soul will be majorly divided during the day.
Friday is much better, because I foresee and know better that my brain will not be needed during the day as much with the cosmic and multiversal/interdimensional links and duties after about mid-afternoon. I will have recharged my mental energy by 7:30 pm (my time) on Friday with a Dew.S.A and brain-healing binaural beat meditation tracks.
Chris.
I want to speak to you because I want you to be safe and sound.
same with me.
I want to speak to you soon because the situation isn't too good on my end.
If you can talk with me tomorrow, that would be great.
Voice Chat
25 June 2021[1]
3 hours Chris. See you then.
8 minutes.
2 hours later.
Hey, Neko.
I totally spaced; I am really sorry.
I can talk now if you are free.
I'm here.
are you ready to VC?
Let me go pee real quick. Be right back
take your time Chris.
Back
you good to talk now?
Yeah
The WCT then started a Voice Chat which lasted 101 minutes. During the conversation, he sent Chris several images, audio files, a link to Naught's Kiwi Farms profile, and a YouTube video containing recorded audio of the Watchmen group's movie night during which WCT accused Naught (aka Bismuth) of having doxed him (embedded below).
He also sent Chris an invite link to the Knights of CWC Discord server.
Click to load content
Place Chat
26-27 June 2021
Chris
Hey, @everyone. I am pleased to announce that all events continue on as normal in this part of the Dimension Merge.
The signs are continuing to be and become more clear and consistent in comprehension.
I am also pleased to announce that more and more of those individuals who are toxic within my view range have been identified.
And a paradigm shift is in the works at present.
Be ready for an impending battle within the ranks, yet I can't be of total help, but my observation and blessings are upon those who are innocent and genuine.
For those who have been identified and brought to light know what they have done in attempts to take advantage of me over the years, even the more partially successful ones who work in quite and less obvious background.
I will also state that for one to be more content and happy with themselves is to not be told or judged by someone who may "have a greater hold upon them", thus insecurity and breaches are impending not only on their team, but upon themselves as well.
Honesty and enlightenment continues to be the best path for anyone in taking care and managing themselves in inner depth and surface levels. Especially while dipping down. That is all I have for now. Until another time, mayhaps, all of you be safe and well.
⚡💙⚡
Nova
"within the ranks"?
The Fool
did chris leave?
is he okay?
Praetor (Caden)
:)
Chris leaves The Place
27 June 2021[1]
I shall follow my instincts on the timing is silently making my leave from there. A coup step for me, indeed.
Two hours later.
The timing is right. I have just left the place server.
Kyle was definitely reading into the last insight I was leaving for the three of them.
It is very good.
Thank you Chris.
you did the right thing.
Chris do me a favor and don't talk to Meghan and Nova.
they will lie.
they will use their manipulation skills on you as they did with me.
DM with MKRNightVee
1-3 July 2021
After Chris left, he and MKR discussed the matter over texts in the following days. In the messages, Chris says that he considers her, Naught, and Kyle to be toxic, dubbing them the "toxic trio." MKR tries to guilt trip Chris into returning to her by saying she "can only become better if you help me, I need you in my life," to which Chris responds that only she can help herself. The conversation ends with Chris bidding goodbye to MKR and advising her to improve herself.
Chris
First of all, Meghan, when I joined the group on Discord, I had already long ago foreseen that I would do that, and in doing so, I would learn and confirm the toxic trio of the bunch of you all. I have heard yours, Kyle's, and Naught's various and respective dialogue, during our calls and movie nights together, as well as at all times with my links with the Cosmos of our total Universe, and the entire Multiverse. Plus, I've visited your place at times, here in 1218, while astral projected and heard you talking then as well. It has been revealed to my consciousness, recently, of the true background happenings in the group. As foreseen, and the obvious signs along the way, certain individuals were cut from the group, because they either knew too much of y'all, or y'all felt like they were threatening you as well to the point you'd run them out of town. The talks of Racism, Nazi shit, and everything else that just reeks of toxic speak and vibrations. And on top of that, literally doxing someone on Kiwi, because someone has a hold over Naught to the point of him having to feel very insecure about himself. And the topper, in my eyes, one of y'all sent threats to Anni. Fortunately, she completely missed and overlooked that memo in her inbox. That was a straw that sold the blade to the executioner.
I have worked very hard and tough, locally and interdimensionally throughout the entire multiverse for the very long time, and then some. And my body and I are not going to stand for toxic intentions, and we will not be manipulated by such individuals. A LOT of genuine self-healing and self-loving since I returned on February 24. I have the ability to see all possible and likely outcomes of the future, at will and involuntary, yet not everything that gets saved in my unconscious and subconscious, as well as my backup cloud drive in the Cosmos, gets brought into my conscious so easy and quick. That process will be made easier in the events to come.
I am personally watching over Nightvee's safety and well-being, and Nights and Reala are continuing to be very kind and supportive for and with him, as well as tend to his safety and well-being.
Everything that happens of me is my choice, and I get to see the full infinite menu of possibilities to choose from.
And I have to observe and continue the events with the other deities and my allies as foresee, with some leeway for free will within the microseconds of time.
So, yeah. Unless you three shape up, clear yourselves up spiritually, let go of your respective egos, and become most genuinely enlightened to fully comprehend, my return to the place server is not likely to happen. And Kyle is the worst and least enlightened; his load is Massive compared to you and Naught.
And all I can say for now is I am sorry for making you feel upset, but what I do is the truth of the greater matter.
Also, that Dino burning the boobs image is not good; I actually take offense of that cringey image and idea, personally.
Be safe and well, Meghan Kathleen Ringo. Until when we meet again.
MKRNightVee
I wont apologize for having a dark or even cringey sense of humor. I've led a very hard life. Something kat would know very little about, I never extorted you or used you for monetary gain or internet clout. That's all kat and Praetor want. In fact my image has been ruined thanks to you and I get way more threats than annie has, I guarantee it. The difference is I can handle the heat. Kat is angry because I called him a faggot for wanting to use you to get famous. We tried to boot him for that reason, but when you asked us to put him back, we did. Are you upset because I couldn't go to the convention? I told you I can't go because I don't make enough money, I've always been poor and I have Bill's to pay and a family to keep fed. I'm sorry if I couldn't go. I don't think I'm the one who needs reformation, I am who I am, you know that. Come back when they've abused you and you've had the last straw, I say what my heart believes, nothing more.
I'm sorry, I'm just feeling really hurt and betrayed right now. I'll really miss you, we all will. I don't know why this all happened but hopefully it'll get better.
[Saturday, July 3, 2021]
Its really hot out where I am, its probably hot all over. Drink lots of fluids and take rests when you need to.
Chris
Agreed, and I have been keeping hydrated for myself. Also, I wanted to make positive it was clear with you: all this has nothing to do with your inability to attend the Everfree Northwest convention, or the convention, itself. As I have stated, my leave of the discord server and the three of you all was decided, purely, on the fated findings and confirmations of how toxic y'all were to each other, and others. I have foreseen this outcome out of all of the infinite possibilities long ago, and the moment has come to pass as foreseen, and I continue and progress it along, as I have learned for myself from the time and experiences beforehand.
Thank you.
MKRNightVee
I disagree about the toxicity, I defend you so it's more accurate to call me a white knight. A dark sense of humor doesn't constitute being toxic, it's just a matter of personal preference. I still really care about you and want you to be safe, that's all I've ever wanted.
[uploads a screenshot from the second layer of The Place.[2] The visible portion of her screenshot shows The WCT saying "fuck it. dox him."]
[uploads another screenshot from the second layer of The Place.[3] The visible portion of her screenshot shows Kyle saying "nolens volens sense... I am not going to say useless shit about someone who I still respect."]
I can only become better if you help me, I need you in my life.
Chris
The only one who can really help you is Yourself, Meghan. I have channeled and recalled your personality. And I also recall Nightvee being worried and concerned about you in regards of some of your outward interactions with others, how you feel about other races, and so on.
I feel you need to reevaluate and organize your feelings, and further your relationship with yourself. Genuinely clear your remaining chakra blockages through meditations, and clear the ego. Also, access and interact with your inner child, in a mindset Before you were hurt emotionally by others that totally changed you around 10 years old, or so, for you.
It takes a LOT of mindfulness and openness to heal yourself, so you can be more compassionate with others from being compassionate with yourself.
Ditch the remaining insecurities and doubts. This is something YOU can do.
Also, it is not cool to try to sway minor bad things from others (which I have forgiven Leo of, since he was honest and direct with me). And definitely being dishonest is not good either.
When you're more honest with yourself, it better reflects outward in being more comfortable with being direct and honest with others.
Just like how I am telling you all of this without feeling any doubt within myself. I can read the energies and emotions of others, so I am not easily fooled or deceived.
When I read what you sent me earlier with those screen caps, I totally sensed major insecurities and feelings of self-doubt coming from you when I read that.
What is best and attractive is being honest and confident with yourself. Lack of that, and that's not gonna end well with you.
You do not need me, or anyone other than yourself, to bolster or boost your moral. This is on you to heal your self, deepest.
Meditate on that.
MKRNightVee
"Also, it is not cool to try to sway minor bad things from others (which I have forgiven Leo of, since he was honest and direct with me). And definitely being dishonest is not good either."
But this is exactly what he did with me. I'm not racist, we were getting drunk and making fun of a historical Hitler movie. "Leo" as you call him, his actual name is sean. Decided to record without consent and take comments out of context. So I find your comment a little hypocritical.
Chris
Meghan, our friendship did mean a lot to me. I was not using you at all; you ought to know me by now that I am not the type who intentionally, consciously, or even maliciously uses Anyone.
It actually really hurt me when it was confirmed from the infinite number of foreseen outcomes that This was the fact.
And I do care, otherwise I would not be encouraging you to better yourself of your own self-healing and self-love.
I Have gone through all of this with my body and myself. My body REALLY missed me during the ten and a half months when Sonichu and I were body-swapped. I had a LOT of making up to do with my body, and the backup energies and inner aspects that stayed behind, because they were not part of my soul.
Look, Meghan.
MKRNightVee
Well using the past tense "did". That confirms enough that you see fit to throw me away, and if you can't even care about me more than just saying "better yourself" then... I just don't know what to say...
Chris
Aside from Naught and Kyle, You are the most likely to recover and heal yourself.
Our friendship still does mean great importance to me. It can be recovered. I am telling you how this can be done so, and in doing that, you will find a better quality of life for yourself as well.
MKRNightVee
Kyle is suicidal and Naught is hurt. Are we still friends at all, in what manner have I slighted ANYONE.
Chris
You have been hurt for a long while from other emotional and mental baggage that came about long before 2019. You have had a inner desire for a happier life for yourself; a better family. It has been difficult for you along your life within the confides of your family.
There were adults above you who were racist or had ill will against other people.
This is not your fault, yet this bunch of habits were innately picked up by you.
And then they seeped out in later years innately on your end.
Like I stated, you have some self-healing and self-loving to do for yourself, and you will be ever the more better and enlightened.
Meditate on that, Meghan. I tell you this directly for your own benefit.
MKRNightVee
Chris, I am not a fucking racist! You should know how shitty it feels to have things said about you that aren't true. Youd think that would make you think twice for blindly accusing me of racism over a call (1) that was just edgy joking, I do not hate jews. (2) wasn't intended to be heard by anyone
You don't know anything about what happened to me in the past... and your assumptions were incorrect.
Your overacting to this situation to a point where there is no honesty in your argument. There is literally no reason why I would be a Nazi.
Chris
Believe me, I do. And yet, their outside perspective still was true about this deep Bisexual, Girly-Trans, cock-sucking vibe I've been giving off waaay back then.
I never directly said you were a Nazi.
MKRNightVee
You called me racist, it's just as bad.
Chris
No, being called a Nazi is a lot worse than being called a racist. And I understand the difference, similarities, and history behind both.
I freaking hate Nazis, and I do not hate you.
The major point that had you pinned with Naught and Kyle is that you made some poor choices of those you wanted to often talk with. You even said so yourself how Kyle is suicidal and how majorly hurt Naught is.
Your big task, at the present, to help clear yourself up, is to find a life outside of the internet. In this, find better appreciation for the life you have offline.
And the other task is determining and letting go of the actual toxic individuals who have influenced you. This includes Naught and Kyle; you need to stop talking with them, and let them go.
And have faith with affirmations for yourself that I, the other deities, and the universe do hear, in us clearing away the toxic individuals and vibes from your life. Your subconscious prayers are being answered, Meghan.
Be open for the signs of this process.
I do care for you. You have a direct path to cleansing yourself and redemption. Focus and go for it; now is the time to heal yourself.
My heart goes out to you, and I send good vibrations your way. And, please, do not do anything stupid or suicidal.
Clear away any and all demons who haunt your soul; let the light power enter you and guide your path for the better.
Be safe and well, Meghan.
References
↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; no text was provided for refs named discordwct
↑ The Place chats (May 2021)#Wanting to Dox a YouTube Commentator
↑ The Place chats (June 2021)#Naught's Kiwi Farms Ban
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
v • d • e
Watchmen Chats
The Place Discord Chats
By date: Sept '19 • Oct '19 • Nov '19 • Dec '19 • Jan '20 • Aug '20 • Sept '20 • Oct '20 • Nov '20 • Dec '20 • Jan '21 • Feb '21 • Mar '21 • Apr '21 • May '21 • Jun '21By title (first layer): Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • ProjectSNT • Chris and CWCki Server • Megan Obsession • New Associates • Praetor Revealed • Chris Chan Bible • Pennsylvania Trip • Lore Mashup • Praetor Arrives • Infighting, Anime, and the Merge • Avatar State • Piezoelectric Crystals • Watchmen-Praetor confrontations • Lonely feelings‎ • Masturbation discussions • Lovers Attributes List‎ • Affirmations List • Psychic Detective‎ • Book Stress • Leaving The PlaceBy title (second layer): Randy Stair discussion • Jahans discussion‎ • Angefly • Fuckery Afoot‎
Lainchu Chroniclings
The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals‎‎ • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Solo members
Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • Naught DMs • MKR DMs • WCT DMs
Calls
CWC and Friends on Google Hangout (July 20th, 2020) • Movie Night Confrontation
Discord Servers Raided by Watchmen
Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes
See Also
Knights Chats
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=The_Place_chats_-_Leaving_The_Place&oldid=346658"