Title: Things Chris has ripped off
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Plagiarism
Categories: Articles of the Now, Things Chris has ripped off
================================================================================

This article is too large or off-topic. It has been suggested that we smash its Heart level down to 15% and split off the pieces into their own article. Discuss on the talk page.
This article is out of date.
We need information on Expand on Hyperdimension Neptunia..We suggest you keep up with the times.
“
Good artists copy; great artists steal.
”
Pablo Picasso, demonstrating that even geniuses underestimated the ability of artists like Chris to exist.
“
I take it one moment at a time and let the story pieces come to me. Even if they are sometimes borrowed from a tv show or movie.
”
Chris blatantly admits to plagiarism.
ORIGINAL!
The TRUE and HONEST Seal of Originality.
As every fan of Chris is probably aware of, our hero has quite the imagination. But some argue that due to stress and the mental block that is Autism, his powerful and mighty artistic ordeals cannot come to fruition. So he just does what every good TV/book/movie writer does: he goes and steals an enormous amount of things from other places.
To his credit, plagiarizing isn't easy. After all, how do you grab something that comes from another person's mind, adapt it to your own storyline and make it so that it fits in, without having whatever it is that you stole stand out like an obese fool with a red-and-blue-striped shirt in the middle of a crowd? Being the genius comic book creator that he is, he feels that he doesn't need to bother with details such as a good plot, readability, or even consistency. Just stick in a few bouts of random-access humor that he found in some sort of form of media, and you got yourselves a new installment in the Sonichu comics.
Chris holds a belief that all of fiction exists in an alternative "cartoon" universe, à la Who Framed Roger Rabbit, with no exceptions, so he probably believes that this justifies his plagiaristic tendencies. The world in which Sonichu takes place is fundamentally built on the creations of others, probably because Chris spends most of his time watching television and that is the way in which he engages with his limited imagination. With all the characters and concepts stolen from other works of fiction crammed into the Sonichu comics, the mythology of CWCville is an unwieldy, confusing pastiche of bullshit which frequently fuses together franchises that are unrelated or even contradictory. The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, this is not.
While some of Chris's creations, including Sonichu himself, are individual entities which are technically not stolen (though many of their substantial elements very-much are), he often outright steals established, well-known characters and elements from other works of fiction, and he simply hopes their rightful owners do not notice. He makes no attempt to veil their derivative nature and has shown that he has no preparatory plan for any incident where he's confronted with intellectual property claims. According to Chris, stealing copyrighted material is fine (unless it's his own), as long as you indicate that whatever it is you’re doing is a "parody" of the original material. In accordance to U.S. copyright law, this is technically true, so this probably means that, unless he decides to make money out of his "artwork," he isn't going to have the law knocking on his door, but the question of whether or not Sonichu qualifies as parody is an article in its own right.
Below is a non-exhaustive list of stolen intellectual property:
Contents
1 Main influences
1.1 Sonic the Hedgehog
1.2 Pokémon
1.3 Chris's fanbase
2 Anime
2.1 Digimon
2.2 Dragon Ball/Z/GT
2.3 Excel Saga
2.4 Gurren Lagann
2.5 Inuyasha
2.6 Kekko Kamen
2.7 Macross Frontier
2.8 Pretty Cure
2.9 Sailor Moon
2.10 Samurai Pizza Cats
2.11 Yu-Gi-Oh!
3 Western animation
3.1 The Adventures of The American Rabbit
3.2 American Dad!
3.3 Aqua Teen Hunger Force
3.4 Beavis and Butt-head
3.5 Darkwing Duck
3.6 Ed, Edd n Eddy
3.7 Family Guy
3.8 Futurama
3.9 Ghostbusters
3.10 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe
3.11 Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
3.12 Home Movies
3.13 Johnny Bravo
3.14 Muppet Babies
3.15 My Little Pony
3.16 Peanuts
3.17 The Powerpuff Girls
3.18 The Ren & Stimpy Show
3.19 Rick and Morty
3.20 Rocko's Modern Life
3.21 Sealab 2021
3.22 The Simpsons
3.23 South Park
3.24 Space Ghost Coast to Coast
3.25 SpongeBob SquarePants
3.26 The Brak Show
3.27 Tiny Toon Adventures
3.28 Transformers
4 Live-action film and television
4.1 Gilligan's Island
4.2 Monty Python
4.3 Spaceballs
4.4 Carrie
4.5 Power Rangers
4.6 Saw
4.7 Independence Day
4.8 Alien
4.9 Lewis Black's Root of All Evil
4.10 Lethal Weapon 2
4.11 Star Wars
4.12 This Is Spinal Tap
4.13 Terminator 2: Judgment Day
4.14 Superman: The Movie
4.15 The Three Stooges
5 Video games
5.1 The Legend of Zelda
5.2 Mobile Suit Gundam
5.3 Street Fighter
5.4 Mario series
5.5 Brütal Legend
5.6 God of War
5.7 PaRappa the Rapper
5.8 Gears of War
6 Web original
6.1 Jessi Slaughter
6.2 emgo316
7 Western comics
7.1 Marvel
7.2 Spider-Man
7.3 The Incredible Hulk
7.4 Wolverine
8 Songs
9 Commercials
10 The Bible
11 List of fiction Chris has referenced and otherwise bastardized
11.1 Batman
11.2 Bugs Bunny
11.3 Dig Dug
11.4 Fight Club and Chuck Palahniuk
11.5 Grand Theft Auto
11.6 Guitar Hero
11.7 LittleBigPlanet
11.8 My Best Friend's Wedding
11.9 R.L. Stine
11.10 Sprung
11.11 Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
11.12 B-Daman
11.13 Star Trek
11.14 Happy Tree Friends
12 References
13 See also:
Main influences
Sonic the Hedgehog
Main article: Sonic the Hedgehog
His pride and glory Sonichu, which, as we all know, is a recolor of Sonic the Hedgehog with Pikachu's tail and ears. In his comic book debut he is created when the "Perfect Chaos Monster" attacks Station Square, which, by the way, is a direct ripoff of the end of Sonic Adventure.
Sonichu's girlfriend Rosechu is just Amy Rose with a Raichu tail.
Of course, Sonichu’s evil twin brother Blake (Black Sonichu, Blachu) also comes from the same line of original creativity Chris has got us accustomed to. This dark version of Sonichu is a complete ripoff of Shadow the Hedgehog.
The "Chaotic Combo" is a mesh of Sonic characters recolored with various deformities, and their name is a copy of the Chaotix: including Angelica being a white hedgehog that has wings, or Punchy Sonichu being an Oriental version of Knuckles the Echidna.
Sonic the Hedgehog, Amy Rose and Doctor Robotnik make an appearance in Sonichu Issue #1, with Sonic and Amy juxtaposing themselves with their barely-distinguishable counterparts.
The Legendary Master Sunstone is a rip-off of the Master Emerald.
Bionic the Hedgehog is another recolor of Sonic.
Metal Sonichu is a recolor of Metal Sonic with Pikachu ears and a tail.
The Sonichu Balls are essentially just stand-ins for the Chaos Emeralds, and may also be plagiarized in part from Dragon Ball Z.
Ultra Sonichu is a rip-off of Super Sonic.
The Sonees and Roseys greatly resemble Chao, but uglier.
The inspiration for creating evil versions of characters with backwards names came from the comic characters Doctor Ovi Kintobor (Ivo Robotnik spelled backwards) the Anti-Robotnik (Archie) and pre-evil Robotnik (Fleetway).[1]
Pokémon
Main article: Pokémon
Like the previously mentioned Sonichu and Rosechu characters ripping off Sonic the Hedgehog, they also rip off various Pokémon, mostly Pikachu and Raichu, combined with other Pokémon.
The character Jiggliami is a humanoid variation of a Jigglypuff.
The so-called Sonichu Balls are designed like various Poké Balls, though they also function like other items.
Sonees are also slightly edited Pichu, with a bit of Chao mixed in.
Moves. As if ripping off their looks weren't enough, Chris also rips off their attacks such as "Thunderbolt" or "Sky Uppercut".
Many of the cards on Chris's Wall of Originals are obviously based on character concepts or illustrations from the Pokémon games. (Christian's Maychu, to use one example, imitates the official illustration of the Pokémon Hitmonlee.)
Sonichite, a total rip-off of Pokemon's Mega Stone concept.
Chris's fanbase
Days Of Our Hogs/Wish You Were Hare Sonichu 12 discusses Sonichu and Rosechu's wedding - with a few elements largely ripping off a fan comic by Jon Crayon - mainly Rosechu walking in on Sonichu and a naked Bubbles
Rosechu's Story Sonichu 15 plagiarizes elements of a fancomic about Rosechu.
Anime
Digimon
Ultra Sonichu's Chaotic Remedy is a blatant copy of MagnaAngemon's Magna Antidote attack.
Dragon Ball/Z/GT
Chris-chan Sonichu's famed attack, the Curse-ye-ha-me-ha (later Shin-ye-ha-me-ha), is based on the famed Kamehameha attack.
The Sonichu Balls, though resembling Poké Balls, seem to function more like the titular Dragon Balls, as they are able to grant a wish when all are brought together.
Ultra Sonichu heavily resembles Super Saiyans, both in behavior and appearance.
Collosal Chan is Chris's really terrible attempt at ripping off Super Saiyan 4 from Dragon Ball GT, which is a combination of the Super Saiyan and Great Ape forms.
Mypoe ripped off Punchy's tail because it was a "weak spot"; the same "weak spot" exists for Saiyans (unless said tail has been removed) and several Saiyans have theirs removed for the same reason.
Excel Saga
Main article: Excel Saga
A veritable hellstorm of shameless rips from this series appears in the Sonichu comics, in a way nearly as pervasive as Pokémon and Sonic the Hedgehog, yet comparatively subtler because he steals one-liners and monologues more than characters or storylines.
...although he does indeed steal characters (like Mypoe and Nabeshin and the Jerkop Daitenzen) from time to time.
It is also possible that Chris stole the Curse-ye-ha-me-ha from the parody "Nabehameha" from Excel Saga (which was essentially a Kamehameha attack, except shaped like an afro).
Gurren Lagann
The character of Simonla Rosechu is a ripoff of a "fanmade" Sonichu named Simonchu who, in turn, is ripped off from the main character of the series, Simon the Digger.
It should be noted that Chris has probably never seen Gurren Lagann, and as such misinterpreted several aspects of Simonchu's design that were intended to be referential to Simon: his cape became Simonla's shell, and his Core Drill pendant became a shark's tooth necklace.
When Chris was forced to kill off Simonla in Sonichu #10, he promptly created Sandy Rosechu, Simonla's daughter. She is essentially exactly the same design-wise, except she is yellow and has a different hairstyle.
Inuyasha
In Sonichu #2, Saramah Rosechu pins Wes-Li Sonichu to a tree, Wes making the statement "Where did this non-sacred tree come from?" This is a "hilarious gag" referring to InuYasha's origin story, wherein he was pinned by an arrow to a cursed tree by priestess/crack shot/vengeful ex-girlfriend Kikyo. Also, with some imagination and enough alcohol, one can see that a cloud in the background in one of the panels is shaped vaguely like InuYasha's head.
Chris also has a Blaziken in his Pokémon team named "Inuyasha", which was only revealed on the CWCipedia.[2] It's likely that this is the same Blaziken seen training with Sandy in Sonichu #10, though he is not identified by name in that comic. The name makes absolutely no sense, as the literal translation of Inuyasha means "dog demon".
Kekko Kamen
The face-rape of Jason Kendrick Howell in Sonichu #8 is based on the Pubic Hair Jump, a move by which the title character of Kekko Kamen kills her enemies.
Macross Frontier
Chris's infamous drawing of Jiggliami was copied from a picture by Blanca, who copied the pose from a popular picture of Ranka Lee, one of the major characters of the series.
Pretty Cure
“
"This is so "Pretty Cure"! I'M BACK!"
”
Chris-chan Sonichu, Sonichu #4.
Pretty Cure spoofs the ridiculous costumes, magical schoolgirls, and attack names of other anime series. The Chrs-Chan [sic] Pure Pulse Jolt Lance (the attack that Chris-Chan Sonichu and Crystalina Rosechu are able to perform with their combined Hedgehog powers) is stolen from this series, and even though its original counterpart was given a ridiculous name, Chris felt the need to make it sound like some idiot had just mashed some random words into an attack name for his own version. Oh wait...
Also noteworthy is that Chris copied (and butchered) the pre-attack catch phases and attack poses. Most of these rip-offs occur in Sonichu #4 and Sonichu #5.
Sailor Moon
Main article: Sailor Moon
Sailor Megtune, Chris's hideously inappropriate SI Mary Sue for Megan, combines elements of the various heroines from the series, though the name is based on Sailor Neptune.
The Dark Mirror Hole may be a reference to a number of related Sailor Moon places/items, including the Black Dream Hole of Sailor Moon SuperS: The Movie, and a mirror-like item that was used by Queen Nehellenia in the first six episodes of Sailor Moon Sailor Stars and the majority of Sailor Moon SuperS.
Samurai Pizza Cats
In the aforementioned random-access humor ED edit, Chris quoted a joke from the US-dubbed version of SPC: "Quiet everybody, Emperor Fred has an announcement...FRED".
He created the Samurai Pizza Bots, which is a ripoff of both Samurai Pizza Cats and Transformers. They make several appearances in the comic to help Sonichu battle the Jerkops.
Punchy Sonichu, provider of random-access humor, has referenced this series a few times.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Main article: Yu-Gi-Oh!
Sarah Hammer's husband-to-be is depicted as Jack's Knight, a Yu-Gi-Oh! monster. Chris had no idea what he looked like, so naturally he depicted him as a Yu-Gi-Oh card.[3]
For no given reason, Chris (and Chris alone) tends to use various Yu-Gi-Oh! items during his battles (especially extremely convenient trap cards) and is even depicted using a Duel Disk when dealing with Wes Iseli.
Western animation
The Adventures of The American Rabbit
Main article: The Adventures of The American Rabbit
Chris stole many concepts for his Love Quest and lines from this movie for use in the comics ("I will, thank you father" from the cover of Sonichu #0 is a line uttered by Robert Rabbit).
American Dad!
Chris has referred to Jason Kendrick Howell as "the Dork of Ages", a phrase taken from the episode "Dungeons and Wagons".
Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Main article: Aqua Teen Hunger Force
The ATHF characters appear in one panel in Sonichu #0, along with Meatwad's old catchphrase, "The bun is in your mind."
Chris (badly) painted one of his Guitar Hero guitars to look like Meatwad's toy guitar.
Beavis and Butt-head
Main article: Beavis and Butt-head
In Sonichu #7, Beavis and Butt-head appear in a gag directly stolen from the original cartoon series. (although Chris does write "Apologies to Mike Judge" and "Source of joke: Beavis and Butt-head's 'Substitute'").
Darkwing Duck
Darkbind Sonichu is a partial ripoff of this series' main character – Darkwing Duck.
The font Chris uses to write "Darkbind" is traced from the show's logo.
Upon arriving, Darkbind recites a completely bastardized version of Darkwing Duck's trademark entrance speeches. The main change is that the original speeches were filled with tongue-in-cheek irony, while Chris's version is completely serious and unnecessarily pompous.
Chris calls Darkbind "D.B.", reminiscent of how Darkwing Duck's sidekick Launchpad McQuack calls him "D.W."
Princess Zelina Rosechu may be a partial ripoff of Darkwing Duck's girlfriend Morgana McCawber (though this theory is debatable).
Ed, Edd n Eddy
In one of his ED edits, Chris added a huge wall of random-access humor, including a joke from the episode "One + One = Ed": "Carrots are good for your eyes, can it dial a phone?", originally said by Ed.[4]
In the video CWCFlyingElephants, a nude Chris repeatedly bashes his head on his bed like a slow-in-the-mind, and quotes another line from Ed, from the episode "Stop, Look and Ed": "I'm a woodpecker! Except with dirt!".[5] His bed not being made of dirt (though it probably contains a fair bit of it), it just makes no sense.
Family Guy
Main article: Family Guy
In Sonichu #7, Chris meets Sammy, who resembles Peter Griffin, who goes through a series of incidents involving sequences from Filmation's Ghostbusters.
In Sonichu #8, Chris directly lifts a gag in which a news anchor delivers a serious professional story, then immediately jumps to excited coverage of Spring Break.
The title of his bizarre rap video, "IPods_Down_and_Listen_Up", was lifted from "Prick Up Your Ears", in which the reverend teaching the high school about abstinence starts his performance by telling the kids, "Put your Walkmans down and listen up".
Page 15 of Sonichu #10 is a dead ringer for the scene in the episode "Wasted Talent," in which Peter trips and falls, injuring his knee, then spends an inordinately long time clutching it and groaning in pain.[6]
Page 36 of Sonichu #10 imitates Peter and Lois's BDSM bedroom scene from the episode "Let's Go to the Hop."[7]
At the end of Sonichu #10, Marvey Blaziken tells the reader that "inspiration does not have a schedule". On Family Guy, this exact phrase was spoken by New Brian during the episode "The Man with Two Brians" before he proceeds to sing about farting. Naturally, the phrase referred to New Brian fitting in writing a song (about farting) into his already-busy schedule of helping out the family.
In Sonichu #10, Chris makes out with Silvana disguised as Meg Griffin. This means that in the cultural enclave that is CWCville, Meg Griffin appears to be both a fictional character of whom Chris has a peculiar sexual interest (Sonichu #7), but also somebody who can just show up with little surprise from Chris.
In Sonichu #11, one of Sonichu's kids is playing the Virgin Mary in a school play, she says "I'm the Virgin Mary, that's my story and I'm sticking to it". This is said by Joe's wife Bonnie in "A Very Special Family Guy Freakin' Christmas", where she is doing the exact same thing. Of course, the line isn't as disturbing when she says it, considering she's an adult woman, whereas the rosee who says it is three years old.
Futurama
Main article: Futurama
The time-travel plot of Sonichu #7 ("Time Hogs") was stolen from the direct-to-DVD movie Bender's Big Score, and this is shamelessly lampshaded by the recolors in the beginning of the episode. In some kind of post-modern bullshit, Bender as he appears in Bender's Big Score physically appears in the time vortex, literally a page before Sonichu mentions the film directly.
The line "Smoke um peace pipe" in Wigwam is stolen from the Futurama episode "Where the Buggalo Roam".
Ghostbusters
Main article: Ghostbusters#Plagiarism
Chris's Family Guy-style "skitch" rips off the FALSE and DISHONEST Ghostbusters created by Filmation.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe
Sonichu #10: Beel exclaims: "I have the power!" after stealing Chris's Medallion of Fail.
Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
Sonichu #5 has Wes refer to Chris's cards as "Stu-Pi-Doh magic". Stu-Pi-Doh was an in-universe parody of Yu-Gi-Oh!
Home Movies
Officer Keino's appearance is ripped straight from Coach John McGuirk.
The end of the Giant Penis Comic special contains gags from the show-where Chris thinks he and Ivy are being romantic with their stolen dialogue, they aren’t. In the episode the exchange comes from, it was intentionally unromantic.
Johnny Bravo
Sonichu #5 has a line from the Scooby-Doo crossover ripped out entirely, regarding Applecore. As custom dictates, Chris neglects to employ the context that made the joke funny in the first place.
Muppet Babies
Chris made a suicide-inducing 12-minute video of the Chaotic Combo as Sonees and Roseys, though needless to say his video lacked the major charms the series actually had.
My Little Pony
Main article: My Little Pony
In the Wedding Comic, Chris and Ivy's carriage is pulled by what is clearly a My Little Pony horse.[8]
Sonichu #12-9 is set primarily in the Friendship is Magic universe, which includes both the Equestria world of the main series and the human world of the Equestria Girls spinoff. The issue sees characters hopping across both worlds.
In said comic, Night Star interacts with various characters from the G4 show, including but not limited to Pinkie Pie, Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Vinyl Scratch, Discord and Lyra.
The final arc of the comic sees Night Star and Kun picking up the story of the My Little Pony movie. Night Star even goes as far as breaking the fourth wall to plug the movie.
Peanuts
Main article: Peanuts
Chris uploaded RandomHumor1 to his Flipnote Hatena account. Complete with horrendous drawings and obnoxious high-pitched voices, the animation plagiarizes the Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show episode "Sally at School" word for word.
The Powerpuff Girls
The other half of Blake's origin was stolen from The Powerpuff Girls, as an accidental dose of a foreign chemical gives him his evilness and his blackness, just as an accidental dose of "Chemical X" gave the Powerpuff Girls their powers. This is lampshaded poorly on the cover to Black Sonichu's introductory issue, Sonichu #1, where Sonic suggests that Chemical "X" could have caused the change, but Sonichu corrects him; it was cherry cola.
The Ren & Stimpy Show
Sonichu #4's Sub-Episode 6, "Christian Chandler's Backyard Safari", rips off the Ren & Stimpy episode "Lair of the Lummox", which Chris even acknowledges (with Ren & Stimpy thinly veiled as "Ben & Stumpy").
The titles for Sonichu #8 ("SillyBeachFrenzy08" and "CrazyBeachFrenzy08") are likely a reference to the "Naked Beach Frenzy" episode of the Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon", especially considering the sexual content in the uncensored comic.
At the end of Sonichu #8's Episode 17, there is an advert for "Knothole", boasted as being from the creators of "Log".[9]
Rick and Morty
Dimension C-197, where Sonichu and other animated franchises co-exist, is derived from the prime dimension of Rick and Morty, C-137.
Rocko's Modern Life
Presumably the fortune cookie Barb got before giving birth to Chris.
When listing what various spells he uses, he claims the Curse-ye-ha-me-ha inflicts its target with "Bad Luck and Extreme Misfortune". This is a reference from the episode "Fortune Cookie", where secondary character Filburt Shellbach gets a fortune that read "Bad Luck and Extreme Misfortune Will Infest Your Pathetic Soul For All Eternity."
Sealab 2021
In the same ED edit, Chris included a joke from the Sealab 2021 episode "Legend of Baggy Pants": "What? Pod six doesn't need a Pro Shop, they need a dentist."
The Simpsons
Main article: The Simpsons
The parts of Sandy Rosechu's design that were not already cannibalized from Simonla were copied from Lisa Simpson.
South Park
Main article: South Park
CADD Chef is an obvious ripoff of the niggo Jerome "Chef" McElroy.
Beel has a strong resemblance to South Park's Satan.
Space Ghost Coast to Coast
The chant uttered by the guardian of the cave in Sonichu #3, "Anoz aelc amulp oerc ikabmol ah ah!", is one of Zorak's chants ("Lombaki Creo Plomo Pleo Zoma Ah Ah!") spelled backwards and mangled. Chris's original attempts to do spells or chants have failed spectacularly, so the stolen chant is one of his better ones.
SpongeBob SquarePants
In CWC Update 18 January 2009, Chris yells "And you know what else-else?!" prior to stomping on his vibrator, a line stolen from the SpongeBob SquarePants episode "Pizza Delivery".
The Brak Show
In the oft-mentioned ED edit, Chris included three lines from The Brak Show, all of them from the same episode ("The New Brak"). The episode centers on Brak dealing with an annoying impostor who shamelessly copies everything Brak does - sound familiar?
Tiny Toon Adventures
In Sub-Episode 5, a cuckoo bird chirps out "Cuccoo! Cuccoo! If she thinks he'll never find a boyfriend-free girl with his method, then Slaweel is Cuccoo! Cuccoo!" This is a reference to character GoGo DoDo, who'd pop out of Acme Looniversity's clock tower in the longer episodes to say a phrase similar to that.
Transformers
Main article: Transformers
Optimus Prime mercilessly killing Decepticon spy Sarah Jackson.
Various Transformer-types appear in Sonichu #9.
During the final battle with Reldnahc, the villain says "I've waited an eternity for this. Your life is mine Prime-chan!". A similar line is used by Megatron in Transformers: The Movie, in particular during the scene when he fatally wounds Optimus Prime-- "I would have waited an eternity for this. It's over, Prime!". Even the following circumstances are near-identical, with the wounded heroes both performing one last defiant attack that defeats their respective villain.
Some villanious Transformers Chris and his recolors did battle with are called "Decepti-Clones". In the Transformers video game based off of the Armada anime series released on the PS2, generic enemies were also called "Decepti-Clones".
A scene in Sonichu 4 blatantly rips off the Quintesson and Trial Scene from Transformers: The Movie. This one's so blatant that it's kind of hard to believe that Chris could be so retarded as to not realize how obvious it is.
The W-M-Manajerk's power suit is a flagrant recolor of Spike's Environmental Suit from Transformers: The Movie.
Sonichu's dialogue "Slaweel is making her big push, and we have to push back!" is likewise recycled from dialogue in Transformers: The Movie.
Live-action film and television
Gilligan's Island
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Thurston Howell, III and his wife Lovey make an appearance in Sonichu #8, hinting at the name of the head of 4-cent_garbage.com, the infamous Jason Kendrick Howell.
Monty Python
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Main article: Monty Python
When Darkbind Sonichu is fighting the B-Manajerk, a word-for-word copy of the "Black Knight" sketch from Monty Python and the Holy Grail is spoken.
CWCFlyingElephants. Need we say more?
Sonichu #10: An impromptu "comedic" sequence making "fun" of Jimmy Hill starts with "And now for something completely different...", contains a collage of photos and drawings reminiscent of Terry Gilliam's artistic experiments, and features a porcupine shouting: "Dinsdale!"
Spaceballs
In the Sonichu #2 fight between Wes-Li Sonichu and Chris-Chan Sonichu, Chris-Chan Sonichu gets his tail singed by a fire blast then exclaims, "You burned my tail! Now it's personal!" before going on the offensive. This is very similar to the scene in Spaceballs where gun-hating Princess Vespa gets her hair singed by a laser in a firefight and exclaims, "You shot my hair! You son of a bitch!" then proceeds to singlehandedly mow down the attacking Spaceballs with a laser rifle.[10] While the words aren't identical, he reads the lines with the same cadence and inflection as Vespa's in his Official Videobook clip.[11]
Carrie
Chris's "High School Story" is an amalgamation of Stephen King's Carrie, and Chris's own high school experience. Its main character, Terrah, is bullied and underappreciated, so she murders everyone with her psychic powers.
Power Rangers
Main article: Power Rangers
In Sub-Episode 8, Chris is given advice by the Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan and as he leaves, he tells him "May the Anchuent Powers Protect You", a butchering of Zordon's Star Wars-inspired phrase "May the Power protect you."
In Sonichu #9, the CWC-Power Rangers are introduced, but never seen with the sole exception of Kart Megazord.
Silvana's basic existence, back story, and partial appearance (but not her pickle) are copied directly from a villain, Astronema, from Power Rangers in Space
In Sonichu #10, Chris introduces a terrible new song entitled "Revive Zordon", which displays his wish for the return of the "original" Power Rangers team.
Saw
Main article: Saw
Louis Perez, appearing in Sonichu #10 to apprehend Inos, could be named after the character from the Saw franchise (possibly a relative, as Lindsey Perez from the movies is female). Chris has previously stated that the Saw series is one of his favorite movie franchises.[12] Both characters are black policemen, making the "inspiration" much more likely.
The execution of the Asperpedia crew in Sonichu #10 is performed through what equates to elaborate death traps, similar to what is seen in the Saw series. They certainly have more in common with those movies than with anything resembling actual state-sponsored executions.
Independence Day
In the Christian Love Day video, he recited a modified version of the speech that President Thomas J. Whitmore makes before making a last stand against the aliens, which shows just how ridiculously corny he can get.
Alien
When Chris is stranded in the Time Void in Sonichu #7, the words "In space, no one can hear you scream, in time you are heard to infinity" are narratively spoken. The phrase "In space, no one can hear you scream" comes from the promotional material for Alien.
Lewis Black's Root of All Evil
This Comedy Central show featuring Lewis Black as a judge was ripped off in Sonichu #10, where the judge at the trial, named "Slack Lewis," greatly resembles Black.
Lethal Weapon 2
The exploding-toilet death of Simonla was ripped off from the near-death of Roger Murtaugh by exploding toilet in Lethal Weapon 2.
Star Wars
Main article: Star Wars
In Sonichu #8, Jason's throne appears to resemble Emperor Palpatine's throne in Return of the Jedi.
Chris once told Jackie in their e-mail exchanges that he essentially planned to make the backstory of Wild Sonichu a rip-off of the relationship between Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader (Vader being Luke's father turned evil, for the few of you living in caves).
This Is Spinal Tap
During the "Revive Zordon" performance, the speaker blurts out that the volume is "Cranked up to Eleven." We can only hope that Chris ripped this joke off directly rather than referencing something else referencing Spinal Tap.
Terminator 2: Judgment Day
Chris's threat on the life of Liquid Chris contains a number of elements from the film:
The top speed of 65 mph during the escape scene
The Terminator shooting an enemy in the legs, saying "He'll live."
Superman: The Movie
The time-travel in Sonichu #7. Magi-Chan states that he can allow himself, Chris and Sonichu to travel through time by sending them counter-clockwise around the world, appearing to copy Superman's time-travel sequence (by flying around the world at a near-relativistic speed) without understanding how that was supposed to work.
The Three Stooges
At the start of the KCWC Top 10 Dedication Special, Chris does a fake advertisement for "Brighto", a product ripped off from The Three Stooges short "Dizzy Doctors".
Video games
The Legend of Zelda
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
The characters Darkbind Sonichu and Zelina Rosechu are rip-offs of Link and Zelda respectively, the two main characters from the series, alongside being rip-offs of elements from the cartoon series Darkwing Duck, strangely enough.
The entire subplot about Darkbind and Zelina, involving Zelina being put under a sleeping spell by an evil wizard and Darkbind setting off to reawaken her with a powerful artifact, is taken nearly verbatim from the story of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. There, the Link from the first game goes on an adventure to find a powerful artifact, in this case the Triforce of Courage, in order to awaken the original Zelda from a sleeping curse put on her by- you guessed it, an evil wizard.
The land of "RuleCWC" is a not-so subtle ripoff of Hyrule- right down to aspects including the name and its castle.
In the Wallflower E-mails, Chris claims that Darkbind Sonichu was trained in RuleCWC forest by a "rogue master swordsman" and an owl named King Alistair. These are obvious ripoffs of Link and Kaepora Gaebora.
Mobile Suit Gundam
During the Megan Saga, Chris drew box art for John's Custom Gundam: Sisterly Rescue, one of Chris's many fake box arts for his imaginary games. What's unique about this one is that it involves Megan Schroeder and her brother John. Despite being about Megan, it is not a rape simulator, but instead believed to be a ripoff of Mobile Suit Gundam: Journey to Jaburo.
Street Fighter
In Sonichu #9, Sonichu performs a Flash Kick on Slaweel.
Chris-Chan Sonichu's attack "Hyper Beam" looks a lot like one of Ryu's super combos, the "Shinku Hadouken". It appears in Sonichu #10.
In Sonichu Special 4, Kacey's father resembles Guile.
Mario series
This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Mario is a video game series conceived by Shigeru Miyamoto, and has been the mascot of Nintendo for decades. While Sonic has fallen into a self-induced pit of horrifying shit, probably never to escape, Mario has stayed consistently good for all this time. Despite this, Chris very much favors Sonic, as he only has a passing interest in Mario. However, he has enough interest to rip it off from time to time.
The Wing Cap ability from Super Mario 64 is ripped off in Sub-Episode 4, where Chris flies around with wings on his head. They are later discarded, and Chris is strangely shown flying without them.
His concept for Sonic The Hedgehog 64, as expressed in his Hand-drawn Nintendo Power magazine, is nothing more than Super Mario 64 with Sonic and Tails. Literally.
Brütal Legend
Main articles: Brutal Legend and Brutal Legend Plus
In Sonichu #9, during the introduction of the Samurai Pizza Bots, Armoraxe uses a move that looks and acts exactly like the Solo "Face Melter" from the game. The only difference is that the move is called "Metal Melter".
The devil trolls that appear to carry IBAChandler away after he is defeated by Sonichu seem to be a rip-off of the fans that appear to carry you off when you are defeated during a stage battle in Brütal Legend. This is confirmed by the retarded phrase written next to the same panel in the comic, "Hmm, What 'Legend' brought these fans?"
In Sonichu #10, Chris using the power of music and stage to destroy the 4-cent_garbage building may have been inspired by Brütal Legend's Stage Battles. Son-Chu does turns into a giant stage which resembles Ironheade's megastage, but rather than offer a fair fight Chris just Guitar Heroes his opponents into oblivion instantly.
Simonla gives Wild Sonichu her lucky shark's tooth necklace, similar to when Eddie Riggs gives Ophelia his mother's shark tooth-like necklace in Brütal Legend.
God of War
Sonichu #10. Collosal Chan pulls out lightning bolt versions of Kratos's Blades to fight Slaweel.
PaRappa the Rapper
In preparation for the "Revive Zordon" performance, Sonichu puts on PaRappa's hat and becomes as flat and two-dimensional as PaRappa (not to mention his own character), then says PaRappa's catchphrase "I gotta believe!"
Gears of War
In Sonichu 12-9, Chris copied the names of the months in the Equestarian calendar from the names of the seasons on planet Sera. The only names he skipped are "Brume" and "Sorrow".[13]
Web original
Jessi Slaughter
In Lars' Ship has Sunk.MOV, Chris says "The consequences will never be the same," mimicking the famous line "Consequences will never be the same!" as said by the father of the trolling/cyberbullying victim Jessi Slaughter. As it turned out, Chris was simply repeating something Jackie told him to say, and at the time probably never seen nor heard of the video in question.
emgo316
In late 2016, Chris began watching a YouTube channel named emgo316, which reviews Transformers action figures in the form of skits. Chris ripped off the channel's style with The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge and Skylanders Imaginators Leader Christine W Chandler: random Review N' Stuff.
Western comics
Marvel
In July 2018, Chris conversed with Seanan McGuire, a writer for Marvel, over Twitter. Thinking McGuire was an expert on multiple dimension theory, he asked her which dimension our Earth is in. She replied, "Earth 1218," thinking he was referring to comics; however, Chris took her answer as real and subsequently began to refer to himself as being from Earth 1218[14].
Spider-Man
Wild Sonichu is a partial ripoff of Spider-Man, a Marvel Comics superhero who can shoot long web strings from his wrists to swing across the city and entangle his enemies. Wild showcases a similar ability, but with vines (coincidentally resembling Spider-Plant-Man, a British Comic Relief spoof of Spider-Man played by Rowan Atkinson). While Peter Parker shoots web from his wrist, Wild shoots his vines from the back of his hand, bearing a little more resemblance to Venom, a villain who shares virtually the same powers as Spider-Man. Similarly, Wild can also climb walls with relative ease, though it's not clear whether he's just a good climber or if he literally clings to walls, as Spider-Man does.
In Sonichu 2, when Chris has an out-of-body experience to communicate with the Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan, his ancestor tells him "With the powers you have released, comes great responsibilities!". This is stolen from a recurring moral lesson (which Chris took completely out-of-context) within Spider-Man lore that "with great power comes great responsibility", which is often inaccurately attributed as a quote from the character Uncle Ben. Chris probably took this line from the 2002 live-action film.
In Sonichu 5, Chris claims that his "sixth sense is tingling", blatantly knocking off of Spider-Man's "spider-sense" catch phrase.
The Incredible Hulk
Rosechu's bat-shit insane rapist form, now known as the Incredible Lioness, is a ripoff of the Hulk, a scientist and Avenger in the Marvel Universe who transforms into a gigantic, super-strong, child-minded monster when he becomes enraged or agitated. While Rosechu didn't turn green (and seeing as she's an abomination already, it wouldn't be a stretch to say that she's already bathed in gamma radiation), she gets pissed off when Jason Kendrick Howell launches a pickle at her and she tears him a new one for women's rights or something.
Wolverine
As of Sonichu #11, Simonla Rosechu is a partial ripoff of Wolverine, a mutant in the Marvel Universe with claws and regenerative abilities. It was revealed that Simonla survived her assassination attempt apparently because of her skeleton, which is made out of a metal "similar to adamantanium", clearly ripped off from "adamantium", a fictional, indestructible metal in the Marvel Universe which coats Wolverine's skeleton and claws. Simonla also gains a healing factor similar to Wolverine.
Songs
Everything from the Christian and the Hedgehog Boys albums is sung over another song; this may be Chris's biggest showing of plagiarism yet, aside from his own comic.
Jiggliami's song, "War of Love," is a ripoff of "Love Is War," a Supercell song using Miku Hatsune for vocals. While Blanca wrote the ripoff, Chris was more than willing to use it in Sonichu #8.
The product number for John's Custom Gundam is 8675309.
Commercials
In Sonichu 1, Chris interrupts Rosechu and Amy Rose's vapid girl talk because "[he'd] like to save time...and money on [his] car insurance by switching over to 'Get-Co!'"
The Bible
While Chris was incarcerated, like all inmates he was given a copy of the Bible.
It appears he actually read it, or at the very least one of the Gospels' accounts of Jesus's life and crucifixion.
Chris apparently identified with the suffering of Jesus so much that he made it a part of Sonichu.
List of fiction Chris has referenced and otherwise bastardized
While Chris's masterpiece is chock-full of shameless ripoffs and copyright infringements, there are some references to works of fiction which can't be actually considered "ripping off," but manage to ruin the franchise in question nevertheless, for the sole fact of being referenced in Sonichu. These are mostly instances of Chris either including a minor reference to a work of fiction, or just mentioning it, in his comics. While it's not considered a crime de jure, it still may be called a crime against humanity, whose culture Chris has thus bastardized.
Note that when such minor references concern works or franchises already listed in the main ripoff list above, they're added there, not here. It was done so that it would be easier to see how much has Chris managed to bastardize each franchise.
Batman
Sonichu #8, Episode 17, page 35: *For reasons unexplained, a photograph of the DC Comics superhero Batman appears on the wall of Allison Amber's office. Christorians suspect this is either a reference to former Batman actor Adam West's fictitious Mayorhood on Family Guy, or that Allison's alluded boyfriend is in fact the Dark Knight himself.
Bugs Bunny
Sonichu #1: Sonic the Hedgehog says to the startled Dr. Robotnik: "Eh... You were expecting, maybe Bugs Bunny?".
Sonichu #3: When Blake, the knockoff Shadow, goes to steal The Master Sunstone, the rip off Master Emerald, from Flame the Sunbird, he randomly states "Whats up, Doc?"- Bugs Bunny's catchphrase
Sonichu #8: Simonla Rosechu appears to the other Rosechus via burrowing through the ground, in the vein of Bugs. In the same panel, she loosely paraphrases his "should'a taken that left turn in Albuquerque" phrase.
Sonichu #10: Bugs himself appears in the Monty Python-esque collage, lecturing the toothless photograph of Jimmy Hill (who was implied to have sold counterfeit Warner Bros. merchandise in the past) on the evils of copyright infringement.
Dig Dug
Sonichu #9: Simonla's screen name is "DigDugette416".
In the same episode, Layla jokes that Simonla only needs a pump to "fully dig the dug," whatever that means.
Fight Club and Chuck Palahniuk
Sonichu #1: Hanna tells Chris that she likes reading books by "Chuck Paladuck" [sic], who is also (according to Chris's footnote) "the director of the movie "Fight Club" (well, maybe he believes that David Fincher is just Chuck's alternate personality?)... Yes, "Chuck Paladuck".
If Chris has actually seen the movie, it may be the influence behind "Christopher".
Grand Theft Auto
Sonichu #10: Jason Kendrick Howell orders: "Beel! Prepare for Grand Theft Medal!"
Guitar Hero
In Sonichu 10, Christian & The Hedgehog Boys destroy the 4-Cent_Garbage building with help from the Guitar Hero rendition of Ted Nugent's "Cat Scratch Fever".
LittleBigPlanet
Sonichu #10: For no reason at all, Sackboy appears at the bottom of the page and recites an anti-pirate advertisement for "LittleBigPlanet" and Chris's Level of Fail.
My Best Friend's Wedding
Sonichu episode 12 is named "My Best Friend's Cherokian Wedding."
R.L. Stine
In Sonichu #7, Chris tells Megan that his inspiration to create Bionic the Hedgehog struck while he was reading "a 'Fear Street' novel from my favorite author R.L. Stein".
In the same issue he reminisces: "When I read a 'Goosebumps' or 'Fear Street' book back in the day, I'd fill each character role with ones from the wide-world of Sonic the Hedgehog. Sometimes, I would put myself in a lead role, but before I was able to, I had to train my brain to visually remember what I looked like from a mirror."
Sprung
Sonichu #1: Chris is shown playing Sprung on his Nintendo DS for dating tips before going on a date with Hanna. He reads the infamous "So, do angels have names?" compliment and notes that it "sounds right."
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
Magical Man Potion: Chris drinks a magical concoction and transforms into an entirely different being, before reverting to his own self. Due to the fact that the transformation is "from bumbling to suave" rather than "from moral to cruel", as well as the extreme unlikelihood of him knowing classical Scottish literature, he probably stole the concept from The Nutty Professor, a parodic work of Jekyll and Hyde.
B-Daman
Sonichu #1: Sonic curls up into a ball and enters a pocket of whatever in Sonichu's stomach, upon which Sonichu fires him out at Metal Sonichu which also is the form of a ball. At first, this looks like a reference to balls, but upon closer inspection, it seems to be a ripoff of the Japanese Anime and Toy series B-Daman, which involves small cute robot-like characters firing balls out of their stomachs at other balls.
Star Trek
Both within the comics and in his real-life presentations, he uses the phrase "Captain's Log" a reference to the opening of most Star Trek episodes and movies. He's never seen anything of the franchise, but he felt the need to rip it off anyway. That's Chris for you.
Happy Tree Friends
In Sonichu #10, Chris mentions the "Happy Tree Friends-esque" deaths of the Chaotic Combo in Asperchu, implying that he's seen the show a few times.
References
↑ http://sonic.wikia.com/wiki/Doctor_Ivo_Kintobor
↑ Sonichu on the CWCipedia
↑ http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Jack's_Knight
↑ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg5_OEhzuuI
↑ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6YLmzrNVw0
↑ File:SchuComic10P15.jpg
↑ File:SchuComic10P36.jpg
↑ File:SchuComicSP2P6.jpg
↑ Log Commercial
↑ https://youtu.be/XPmm2aTY0no?t=4s
↑ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zPNU6bXa5o&t=486s (Relevant portion from 8:06 to 8:12)
↑ Common_Questions#31_December_2009
↑ [1]
↑ July 2018 social media posts
See also:
Chris and copyright
List of phrases Chris copied from media
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Things_Chris_has_ripped_off&oldid=334848"