Title: Thorg Q&A
URL: http://sonichu.com/cwcki/Thorg_Q%26A
Categories: 
================================================================================

During November 2011, Thorg held a Q&A.[1] on an unknown website. He provides insight into the Calling Out Saga and the Second Exile. All of his answers are archived below.
The Q&A
If Chris gets a sentence that restricts him from the internet for some time, will the hoarded content that supposedly exists be made public?
Depends on the amount of time.
Why do you call yourself the Master Troll?
I sarcastically refer to myself as Master Troll because what I did was incredibly easy and could've been done by anyone, yet people still think it takes a master troll to fuck with Chris.
What would you like to see Chris eat next?
Well, he was supposed to eat a goddamn block of cheese, not a cheese-stuffed pizza, so we can start with that.
Was your plan to get Chris to start fights with other lolcows, or was that just an unexpected benefit?
Using lolcows was more or less just a nod to various people. Fatman was a treat for myself and a few others, ADF was for /cwc/, "David" was for PVCC.
How do you feel about the Calling Out saga getting cut short by Bob's death?
There was no way we could've expected that until Bob's last few weeks so it was perfectly understandable to cut it off. It was a shame though, it could've been great.
Who is your favorite past CWC-troll?
Jack Thaddeus. I liked his phone calls the most, and the PS3-humping is my favourite video.
How did you acquire the videos on CWCVilleProductions?
I run CWCvilleProductions for Chris.
Did you manage to contact Chris by luck, or through some plan?
A little bit of both.
Can you tell us any people Chris would have called out, had the Calling Out Saga not ended early?
Clyde, Ricky L. Darius.
Were the other trolls in on your plan, or were they not expecting this?
Most of the stuff I did in cooperation with the trolls but a lot of the behind the scenes back-and-forth stuff between me & Chris is just the two of us.
Are you authorized to tell us how Chris discovered the Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia forum? If so, how?
I actually can't even remember.
Was Chris eating a cheese pizza funnier then your original plan of eating a block of cheese?
I'd hoped he would gag or possibly puke by the end of it. Unfortunately he literally just ate the pizza without telling me and sent me the video. No, it was terrible and it resulted in the saga ending in a fizzle.
Sup. Do you know the span of time in which Chris recorded his latest smash album SPARKLE like you mean it? What's up with the Jackie references?
I'm not following that stuff but I assume it's from the Jackie saga.
Does Chris know by now that the Tompeople of Virginia forum was a scheme against him or is he still in the dark about this?
Chances are Chris doesn't even remember Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia. He hasn't brought it up with me once and hasn't posted since he outed himself as CWC.
Do you have any info about Chris's reaction to his father's death and how long did it took him to get over it?
I do, but basically what happened is he cried and was sad and by now he's fine. There's not much more to it than that.
Are you still in contact with Chris through one of the trollsonas by which he knows you? If so can you update us on how his life has been since the beginning of the latest radio silence?
Yes, but infrequently. He often ignores my emails and it usually takes three to seven days for him to reply when he does respond. At least I still have a line to him though.
Did you made him do that digging up Patti vid or was it something he came up by himself? If it's the former, how did you made him do that?
Neither, he did that for a third party. I don't even know too much about how they got him to do it but it was pretty damned funny.
Does he or did he had a fake sweetheart that we don't know of at any point during the latest saga?
Not that I know of, he's been rocking the single card for quite a while.
Do you know the identities of any of the posters of the Tomboy and Tomgirls of Virginia forum other than Chris?
I know all the identities, but that's totally sperg-tier information that doesn't need to be made public solely because of its own irrelevance.
Is Chris stupid enough that he's still using the ChrisChanSonichu@aol.com email address, the one that's been on the CWCki for ever? Not asking for the new one if he changed it, too many JULLLAAAAY idiots, just curious.
Chris has it locked up so that only emails he verefies [sic] can send shit to him. Everything else literally just gets deleted automatically.
What was he doing during the radio silence? Besides the crazy shit going on now, did Chris and Barb make an effort to clean up the house, or did they just plot to kill that dang dirty Snyder?
They really hate Snyder now. But as for the general goings-on Chris plays PS3 and Barb does whatever the fuck Barb does. They go out a lot I guess since Bob isn't around.
In your opinion, has the full weight of the October Incident hit him, or does he believe he will triumph and plans to talk about "da trolls!" in court?
I'm going to say no, it hasn't. He doesn't understand the severity of the situation and believes (obviously, being Chris) that he'll win the court case and Michael will go to jail for being a slanderous troll and kicking him out of the GAMe PLACe. Chances are his lawyer will tell him not to talk about the trolls though.
Based on close-hand knowledge, do you think Chris has the capability of true, actual violence at the level where he is a danger (moreso than just driving like a tard)?
No. Chris is a manbaby, he doesn't have the tardstrength to inflict serious harm on anyone.
What was Chris's biggest self-deluded moment of triumph? Did he ever get any smugger than the 'Calling Out' saga?
Hard to say. It could be any one of his victories over the past 20 years, ranging from Watch & Win to Calling Out.
How did you contact Chris? Email? Phone? Some other way?
Email, mostly.
How would have Clyde's Calling Out videos been?
The endgame. So picture smug Chris x100.
How did you get the idea to do the Calling Out videos?
It was the most logical thing to do given the situation.
What do you think Chris and his mom's verdicts will be?
Guilty, with a slap on the wrist/community service for being a exceptional individual and a widow.
Since you are a current member of the PVCC, can you tell us what it's like to dispel all the rumors?
Boring. We just talk about stuff any other forum would. The Chris forum is dead, and when a new video is released we all flock in to say "Hahaha what a fat exceptional individual he'll always do something stupider than he just did" and then leave again.
Besides the already noted Clyde part, what would have happened if Bob didn't die and the Snyder incident didn't happen?
I'm not sure. Everything that was planned was for the short-term, I kind of just waited to see what Chris did and then rolled with it.
One more question: is there any trolls you dislike?
Kacey. Fuck her. She had the opportunity to do phone calls, tons of them (my favourite form of Chris trolling) and instead of allowing Chris to be retarded and say funny shit on his own she just shot him down and cut him off every time he tried to open his mouth, making the calls boring and a chore to listen to through her constant bitching. Good examples are the father calls and the Liquid call. In both calls, as soon as Chris started to kick it into rage mode, Kacey steps in and pulls her "DON'T YOU FUCKING YELL AT HIM" shit causing Chris to fall back and revert to his passive agreement mode.
Anyway, here's my humble question: are you really Canadian, and if so, do you really live in B.C.?
Yes, but I live in Nova Scotia.
Do you know anything about the Chandler's financial situation? Did they get life insurance from Bob's death or are they really short on cash? On a related note, do you know if his lawyer is working pro bono?
I don't know, I assume their church has been helping them out financially since Bob died. I do know that Chris does get a bonus on his monthly retard cheque by about $400 now, so he makes well over $1000. Which is more than I make in a month. Which is fucked.
Do you have any idea what were Chris's plans for the aftermath of the calling out saga? Would he have returned to uploading vidoes [sic] on YouTube full time after being led to believe that all his tormentors were defeated?
I can't say for sure what would've happened but he likely wouldn't have done anything afterwards. He's too lazy and has gotten used to not doing videos, unless it directly benefits him he won't do it.
Did he produce any new Sonichu comics after the incomplete Sonichu 11 was released? Does he have any plans to continue the series?
Nope, he's basically done with Sonichu.
Did Barb and Bob planned for the day they're both gone by setting up a trust/caregiver for Chris in advance, or is he destined to beg for food like a feral Sonichu once Barb hits the bucket?
I don't think Bob's death benefited the Chandlers very much, so I assume there was no plan for Chris. Like I said, his cheque is now enough to live off of if he moved into a small apartment and paid for only the necessities. However; this is Chris we're talking about, so he's destined to forever be in debt. Moreso now that Bob is dead and can't control his spending.
Speaking of plans for the future... Does Chris have any? Where does he sees himself in a couple of years?
Working full time and living in a nice house in Charlottesville with a wife, two kids, and a dog. I, on the other hand, see him playing PS4 all day while Barb is dying in the next room and eating McDonalds and Hungry Mans.
Is there anything interesting you can tell us about Bob's funeral? Were any of Bob's estranged children/Cole/trolls/field agents present? Is Chris still in contact with his half-siblings?
I don't know much about the funeral but it was probably a small one, the people in attendance were basically Barb, Chris, maybe David and some of their congregation. Cole is actually Barb's son, and he hated Bob, so there's zero chance he'd be there.
Do you have any interesting stories about your contacts with Chris which you'd like to share (like the stories Ivy volunteered in her Q&A)?
Yes, but we'll have to wait until all of this blows over, sorry.
In the first revision of the article on Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia, which was written by you, the text read "T&ToV is highly regarded as a complete success, and much of the later content is considered a bonus". Can you tell us more about this additional content?
Originally we just wanted to get maybe a post or two from Chris explaining what he's been doing as a tomgirl. Once we got that, he took it further and started going on about how Bob called him a fag and all the girly toys he's been buying. We consider that extra stuff a bonus because it happened after we agreed that the plan was a success.
Oh and another question about the events... did he come up with make up tips vid on his own or someone put him up to it? I find it hard to believe he chose the moniker "Kaka" on his own but then again it is Chris after all.
I'm not sure, I didn't get him to do that one.
Are the likes of Clyde and Thaddeus still active? (and will Clyde 'return'?)
Clyde himself probably won't. He posts on PVCC every now and then but he's pretty bored with the whole Clyde Cash shit. Thaddeus is still around but not active in trolling Chris.
Can you tell us about Kim? Or give us a few tidbits of information?
Can't, sorry.
Alot of people here say the PVCC have witheld plenty of info. To me that's fine, because it serves a better purpose; giving us complete sagas. It has been asked here before, but are there any operations being run currently that we will enjoy?
Not that I know of but I haven't talked to the inner circle since Skyrim came out so who knows. Also keep in mind that PVCC and the Inner Circle are seperate entities, like I said PVCC is literally just a private forum at this point. Also all the HOARARED LUZL is really really boring and will probably never be released because no one wants to see it, trust me.
Did you think Bluespike went too far? (i personally didn't i got a great laugh out of it) oh and is there a video of that call? It seemed to be mentioned in the audio.
Honestly I don't see what the big deal is. If anything Chris went too far. I thought the Bluespike stuff was funny, a lot of people don't, but w/e. Bluespike's my bro. I think it was just a video stream through the PSN, I'm pretty sure only the audio exists at this point.
Does Chris know about Harry Partridge's comments about him being 'naive'?
Probably not. Also while I'm talking about Harry, I might as well mention that he's not the troll hunter. I talked to him about it and he confirmed it for me, there's also subtle differences between the two if you pay close enough attention.
Is Tomgirl really and truly over?
Dunno, maybe.
During the "calling out" saga, what did you think of that strange video about watches that Chris made for you? And, why do you think he made it?
Okay here's the story behind Wristwatch-Swisswatch or whatever the fuck Chris named that. On PVCC everyone was wondering how Chris would sound if he pronounced "wristwatch". Some thought "wriss wratch", some thought "wisswoss", etc. So I told him to make an otherwise normal video adressed to Thorg subtly saying "wristwatch" a few times. That video was Chris being subtle.
Why did you really retire? Chris thinks it's because he beat you into submission or something. Also, why did Tito "Surrender" or something, to Chris? I know he didn't really give in to the manchild. He must have had an important reason in order to fake something like that. Was it college or something?
Tito is busy with school. Since I'm a greasy nerd who isn't in high school anymore and lives with his parents I have all the time in the world to fuck with a retard on the internet.
Where did Chris get fake info about yourself, as well as other trolls? Did someone from that old Tomgirl forum email him false information?
All the information is 100% true and accurate.
How has Chris been doing physically? I noted on the talk page for the quote I just pasted that someone noticed a bunch of pill bottles.
Dunno, fat I guess.
What of his sweetheart search, is that going on? I get the feeling that he's too tired to continue it.
I can confirm that Mr. Chandler is still, in fact, a virgin.
Were you guys surprised when Tito got Tomgirl photos, or there were reports from FAs/Chris himself has showed sympthoms of that something's bizarre going on? Since this was an obvious reference to his new lifestyle and there is Jackie mentioned...
I found it pretty funny I suppose. I wasn't in the inner circle at the time they were released so I didn't know what the story was behind them.
Do you think Chris will ever give up being a tomgirl?
At some point I'm sure he'll realize how stupid he looks and how it's not going to get him a girlfreind.
What's the difference between the inner circle and the PVCC?
Inner Circle does the trolling. They meet seperately, keep most things between themselves, organize everything, etc. They're members of PVCC but they don't do any important stuff there. Like I said, PVCC is literally just a normal forum now. Back in the day it organized the Chris stuff but there's far too many idle lurkers there now to do anything serious. Most PVCC members are cool though, if they wanted to they could troll CWC (providing there was an opportunity), a lot of people just don't want to.
Do you know why Liquid Chris closed his Youtube account?
I'm not sure, he's probably trying to disassociate himself with Chris and get on with his life though. Can't really blame him.
How did you begin contact with Chris?
If you do enough digging you can put the pieces together and figure it out.
Did they ever sell that TV?
Probably not.
Assuming that the pair does only get off with a slap on the wrist come December, do you think that will be the end of that episode or do you anticipate more lulz to follow?
I despise the word "lulz". Who knows, it's Chris. Anything can happen.
Is new content from chris foreseeable in the near future? Like..before winter break is over? ;D
There'll definitely be new content in the future. I can't say when, though.
What is your opinion of the CWCki, its forums, and /cwc/?
I enjoy browsing the CWCki, I browse for about a half hour every day. I don't really care for the forums, it's just not my kind of forum. I've grown to love /cwc/ and browse it all the time.
What did Chris do when he didn't receive the money from Tito?
He wasn't supposed to ask for any money after it was explained to him that what he was doing was extortion, but when Tito said "I...I'll give you the money" in the video Chris assumed it was okay to tack that demand on again. I think he forgot about it though.
If the PVCC isn't much about discussing Chris anymore, then why is it still private?
We just don't want spergs spergin' up the place. We're comfortable with how it is now. People can still get in, it's just difficult.
Do you know who nudged Chris into becoming a tomgirl?
Legit don't, sorry.
How do you think Chris would react to the various Sonichu "fan" works being done on this forum?
I don't know, I haven't browsed the forum outside of this thread. He'd probably sigh and poop himself or something.
Why would nobody want to see the "hoarded lulz", other then being boring? Can you give an example of how boring/bad/etc. they are?
I don't have much hoarded lulz, I'm just going by what the others told me, they have more stuff because they've been doing it longer.
Has Chris told you anything about the GAMe PLACe incident last month?
Yeah. He mad.
Is there anything else that was unplanned during the Calling Out Saga?
A couple of minor things I can't think of off the top of my head.
Will Chris ever finish the Calling Out Saga?
Possibly, Chris kind of wants to.
Is Chris easily predicted? It seems he always suprises us, but in your opinion, is that more to do with well planned trolling or just his way?
Chris does surprise us all, but he's very predictable and incredibly easy to manipulate.
Is there any epic trolling plans that havn't come to fruition due to Bob's death/Chris's withdrawal from the world?
Possibly, but I can't tell you too much about it because I wasn't involved.
Youve mentioned enjoying Bluespike and Liquid(not Kacey!), is there any other incidents or sagas, apart from your own fine work you enjoyed?
I liked all of the Ivy stuff. The CWCipedia was really fun, and I wish it didn't end so soon. Asperchu and Surfshack Tito were good too.
You've also mentioned that the 'golden age' of Chris has passed. Do you think he will ever be drawn into a big saga again?
The thing with the Golden Age was that it was basically a constant stream of Chris content. There was always something going on, and you'd see new videos every week. Now we're lucky if we get a few videos a year. It's possible there will be more sagas though.
Has Chris shown any differences in personality since last year?
Kind of. He's definitely changed over the past few years from harmless retard to angry vengeful douche.
What do you think of this trolling plan: somebody manages to contact Chris, pretend to be a tomboy interested in dating a tomgirl, and hook up?
I think someone tried to do that before, and failed.
How ethical do you think trolling Chris is, and why do you feel that way?
I don't really care about the ethics of it, I do it for fun, but I certainly don't think it's unethical. If Chris doesn't like being trolled, he should stop allowing himself to be trolled. Someone on /cwc/ once said something along the lines of "There's a difference between Chris and an Animal. If you poke an animal with a stick, it will leave. If that animal is Chris, it'll turn around and present its anus for the stick". At this point, it's all Chris' fault so there's nothing unethical about what we do.
Have you ever seen Chris in person, perhaps without him knowing?
Considering Chris lives fifteen-hundred kilometers away it's doubtful.
Who was that guy in that one Chris video that's involved in a Jekyll and Hyde skit and is in his room, and there's a follow up where he's filming Chris doing a tutorial for his PS3?
No idea. Even the inner circle doesn't know. We assume someone from his church.
A coupe of weeks ago someone posted on /cwc/ an email supposedly from Chris, explaining the events of 28 October. I can't find the link to the original /cwc/ thread about this, but I remember reading posts from Tito (who was not the one who posted the alleged email) saying he believes it is real. Do you concur? Is there anything more you can tell us about this, the person who supposedly corresponded with Chris or about the latest game place incident in general?
All I can tell you is that it's pretty much what went down.
See also
Ivy Q&A
Doopie Q&A
Alec Q&A
Idea Guy Q&A
References
↑ https://web.archive.org/web/20140725212305/http://cwckiforums.com/threads/thorg-q-a.800/
Calling Out Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Thorg (Jeremy Slonwhite) • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • Jack Thaddeus (Ahuviya Harel) • Surfshack Tito (Don) • Alec Benson Leary (Christopher Paul Whitney) • BlueSpike (NessHelper)
Call-Outs:
ReCall-Outs:
Responses:
Results:
Calling Out "Tito" - Don
Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Calling Out "Alec Benson Leary" - Christopher
Calling Out Jack Thaddius - Ahuviya
Calling Out "Julaaaay" - David
Deadline for Don "Tito" and Jeremy "Thorg"
Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Correction of EX relationship status
Re-Calling Ahuvia
Tito's offical response
Alec's offical response
ADF vs CWC
Thorg Q&A
Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
Victory Rockout
Response to ADF
Christopher Paul Whitney reveal
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Thorg_Q%26A&oldid=317640"