Title: Thorg
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Thorg
Categories: Trolls, Miscreants Members, People from Canada
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
“
He is a pizza-faced atheist.
”
Chris on Thorg[1]
Thorg
Information
Name
Jeremy Slonwhite
Also known as
ThorgThe Master TrollThoriaThorgnzorrgMaster ThorgMaster Jeremy
Gender
Male
Race
White
Nationality
Canadian
Saga
Calling Out
Thorg ("real" name: Jeremy Slonwhite) is a troll that gained notoriety in late 2011. Contacting Chris through Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia under a different pseudonym, he began feeding Chris false personal information about his trolls, leading Chris to blackmail them online. He notably got Chris to call out himself, Thorg, as Chris was unaware he was currently talking to Thorg.
Contents
1 Background
2 Chris vs Thorg
2.1 Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
2.2 Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
2.3 Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
2.4 Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
2.5 Victory Rockout
3 Aftermath
4 References
Background
See also: Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia
Thorg was a minor troll starting in 2009, being a member of PVCC and getting an email response from Chris after making mocking videos on YouTube.
I GIVE YOU NO SILENCE!
REMOVE ALL THOSE VIDEOS, RIGHT NOW! Or you will be stuck with the curse that is on YOUR head, you Trolling Stupid![2]
After revelations about Chris's new Tomgirl identity, Thorg and a group of other trolls created the forum 'Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia' in late April 2011. Chris was tricked into believing it was a real forum, and frequently posted on the forum about himself. Thorg frequented the forum under the username 'Thoria'.
On 20 July 2011, Thorg made a CWCki page about the forum, revealing it to the larger community, who were unaware of it's existence. Chris freaked out about this, feeling that the trolls were ruining a safe place of his. He revealed himself as Christian Weston Chandler, and asked for their help to defeat the trolls for good. Thoria told Chris that she had a cousin interested in computer science, and that he could help with doxing these trolls as well as launching DDoS attacks against the CWCki.
Chris came in contact with this supposed cousin, actually Thorg in disguise, and he started emailing Chris about the supposed true identities of the trolls, in reality other lolcows that were popular at the time. Chris bought into this, and made his grand return to YouTube, marking the beginning of the brief Calling Out saga.
Chris vs Thorg
The gay bar image
In a confusing turn of events, Thoria's cousin got Chris to call out Thorg, stating that he was responsible for exposing Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia (which is accurate) and placing a photoshopped image of Chris at the gay bar on a New York City billboard (actually done by Clyde Cash). Thoria's cousin told Chris that Thorg's real name was 'Jeremy Slonwhite' and a meme image called 'Butthurt Dweller' was how he looked in real life. Chris fell for this, and made multiple videos about Thorg, making him his main enemy during the Calling Out Saga
Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Main article: Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Following Chris's eight-month absence from the Internet, he reappeared with three videos addressed to Thorg and Surfshack Tito. In the second, "Calling Out 'Thorg' - Jeremy", Chris claimed to have information on Thorg; that his real forename was Jeremy, that he lived in Canada, that he could be found in a video game store, and that he was an atheist. He then proceeded to make several demands, including the removal of all references to Tomboys and Tomgirls from the CWCki, a public apology video, and a billboard display in New York claiming that Chris was straight.
In "Deadline for Don "Tito" and Jeremy "Thorg"", Chris set the deadline for these demands at 31 August.
Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Main article: Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
While Tito eventually caved in to Chris's demands a few days later, Thorg remained unconvinced that Chris meant business and neglected to respond. On 10 August Chris released a video, in which he reiterated his demands for Thorg and revealed more information on him. More images of him were released, and Chris disclosed that he was a fan of LARPing.
Chris was also incredibly hostile towards Thorg's atheism, going on a tangent about how, through the power of empathy, Chris could feel what it was like to be Jesus because Jesus was crucified and Chris was trolled. He also mentioned that as a good natured Christian he wouldn't do it, but he would love to chase Thorg out of town with an angry mob wielding pitchforks and torches.
Most of Chris's hostility towards atheism appears to come from Family Guy and simple creationist arguments, likely picked up from the Internet, his father or his congregation.
Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
One of the images of Thorg
Main article: Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
On 12 August, a full 19 days ahead of the deadline, Chris exposed the dox he had collected on Thorg. This included his age (32), city of residence (Vancouver), place of employment (Gamestop), and nerdy interests. Chris also revealed several full pictures of Thorg.
Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
Main article: Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
Eight days later, Chris released a song about wristwatches dedicated to Thorg. Although exposing Thorg had no effect, Chris's music video terrified Thorg and caused him to leave the internet.
Victory Rockout
Main article: Victory Rockout
Following Thorg's retirement from trolling, Chris would record a strange video where he jumps up and down while playing with his Guitar Hero controller and shouts about his 'victory over all damn cyberbullies'. Along with this, he references memes such as Ian Brandon Anderson and JULAYYYY
Aftermath
Main article: Thorg Q&A
After Bob's death, the Calling Out Saga came to an absurd and unexpected end. This cut short many of Thorg's plans, including calling out videos for Clyde Cash. Chris continued to email Thorg, although infrequently, taking around 3-7 days to respond to each of his emails. Chris's emails with Thorg have yet to be released, however Thorg has described Chris crying to him about Bob's death and raging over Michael Snyder. It can be assumed Chris eventually stopped responding to him or Thorg stopped sending him E-mails, ending their communications.
References
↑ Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
↑ File:No_Silence.jpg
Calling Out Saga
The Players
People: Chris • Thorg (Jeremy Slonwhite) • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • Jack Thaddeus (Ahuviya Harel) • Surfshack Tito (Don) • Alec Benson Leary (Christopher Paul Whitney) • BlueSpike (NessHelper)
Call-Outs:
ReCall-Outs:
Responses:
Results:
Calling Out "Tito" - Don
Calling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Calling Out "Alec Benson Leary" - Christopher
Calling Out Jack Thaddius - Ahuviya
Calling Out "Julaaaay" - David
Deadline for Don "Tito" and Jeremy "Thorg"
Re: Don, and ReCalling Out "Thorg" - Jeremy
Correction of EX relationship status
Re-Calling Ahuvia
Tito's offical response
Alec's offical response
ADF vs CWC
Thorg Q&A
Exposed - Jeremy Slonwhite of Vancouver, BC Canada
Wristwatch-SwissWatch for Jeremy "Thorg"
Victory Rockout
Response to ADF
Christopher Paul Whitney reveal
Coinciding Sagas: Jackie
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Thorg&oldid=347630"