Title: Transgender
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Transgender
Categories: Things bought with taxpayer money, Sonichu Possession, Articles of the Now, Gender dysphoria
================================================================================

This article is about Chris's identity as a transwoman. For Chris's opinion on other trans people, see Hermaphrodite.
YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK!The contents of this page have been bought with taxpayer money!
Note on Misinformation:
This article previously included information that was primarily speculative or incorrect. This has been fixed. For more information see here.
NOTE:
Chris had never admitted to adopting a transgender identity solely so that he could hook up with lesbians. This is a confusion for a statement Chris had made regarding having an intersex child as a result of his broken English.
For more info, click here.
PROTIP:
To keep consistent with records from before Chris's transition in 2014, and not causing additional confusion for readers, the CWCki has opted to use masculine pronouns to describe Chris, even post-transition.
Chris's legal name is Christine, but the nickname Chris is gender-neutral and can abbreviate every full name that Chris has identified with. Chris has accepted it as a nickname, despite formerly objecting to it.
Chris is legally registered as female and has taken hormones to transition, but has not undergone gender reassignment surgery.
“
I am woman! Roar!
”
Chris in Sonichu 11, 2017, borrowing a catchphrase from Rosechu.
“
We Gods had eased up on the views of "Adultry"; WHY Else do you all have Pro-Gay, and Pro-Lesbian, Pro-Trans, and all Today and the past Decades?
”
Chris likening the LGBT community to adulterers in a letter from jail.
Chris in 2018, two years after beginning HRT, holding a photo of himself taken a decade prior.
A person is transgender (or trans) if their gender identity doesn't match their biological sex.[1] Over 1.6 million U.S. adults are openly trans,[2] and Chris is perhaps the most famous trans person to live in Ruckersville, Virginia. In 2011, when Chris was 29 years old, he began exploring male-to-female gender transitioning. Starting with cross-dressing, he would gradually try DIY methods to undergo physical transitioning, which were pointless at best and dangerous at worst. In 2016, he began using legitimate means, such as seeing a professional specializing in gender issues and going on prescription hormone therapy later that year. In spite of his best efforts, however, Chris's post-transition appearance remains quite similar to his pre-transition appearance, only he grew his hair out and had some of his fat distribution rearranged through HRT. Chris has not undergone a MTF surgery however. Nonetheless, he believes that he looks like a supermodel.
Chris's identity gradually shifted over the course of his transitioning. He began as a transvestite – a male who cross-dresses yet still identifies as a man – or as Chris called it, "tomgirl". (Outside of Chris's lexicon, "femboy" and "femme" are commonly used to describe this kind of sexual identity in recent years, although Chris himself would not apply after becoming transgender. Nonetheless, Chris actually has used the term "femme" on his Facebook profile.) In 2014, he came out as a "lesbian-identified male". By the end of that year, he began identifying as a woman, calling himself a "transwoman". In 2015, he started going by "Christine", making the name change official the following year,[3] as well as changing the gender marker on his driver's license to female. In 2017, Chris was seeing a local support group for transgender people once a month.[4] Overall, Chris has seemed to be more at peace with himself being "out".
Chris's transition has been the subject of intense debate; views by external commentators on social media sites range from fully accepting of Chris's gender identity and sexuality, to scathingly critical and skeptical.
On the matter of labeling, Chris has sometimes used language often deemed transphobic to describe himself during his years-long gender identity shift, although has since settled on describing himself as a transwoman. Chris has also attempted to use his identity as a lesbian transwoman as an argument that the people who have banned him from public places are being discriminatory against him and all lesbians and transwomen, much like he has done in the past with his autism disorder.
Contents
1 Signs of gender dysphoria
2 The transition
2.1 Tomgirl
2.2 Lesbian-identified male
2.3 Lesbian transwoman
2.4 Bisexual transwoman
3 Interest in sexual reassignment surgery
4 List of Chris's MTF transition methods
4.1 Voice training
4.2 Hormone therapy
5 Community support
6 Reactions
6.1 Parents
6.2 Locals
6.3 Followers
7 Effect on the Love Quest
8 Deadname
9 In the comic
10 The Sonichu bodyswap
11 Transition Timeline Gallery
12 Fan art
13 See also
14 References
Signs of gender dysphoria
Main article: Gender dysphoria
“
I would rather suffer a painful gender-change operation than ever be a homo.
”
Chris's written testimony in Sonichu 9, 2008. As of 2024, Chris has not undergone sexual reassignment surgery even after identifying as trans.
Gender dysphoria is a feeling of conflict between a person's assigned biological sex and the gender that person identifies as, typically brought on by aspects of one's assigned gender. The trans community generally divides dysphoria into physical dysphoria (for aspects like hormones, genitals, or body characteristics) and social dysphoria (for aspects like names, pronouns, gender roles, makeup and clothing).
Symptoms in adults last at least six months and can include a belief of experiencing feelings socially associated with the desired gender, as well as wanting to be rid of the primary sex characteristics of the birth gender, have instead the sex characteristics associated with the desired gender, and be treated socially as the desired gender.[5]
Chris has exhibited signs of late-onset gender dysphoria, a term describing those who begin to experience gender dysphoria in adulthood.[6]
The transition
Tomgirl
"Would you fuck me, 789chan? I'd fuck me."
“
Yes, I am a Tomgirl, and I am damn proud of it. I have embraced and appreciated my feminine side. I am still totally heterosexual. Otherwise, I would be a full-blown you-know-what. [...] I have been more self-confident, and I have a sweet sashay walk, hair and wink flirts, and I am greeting women left and right.
”
Chris[7]
“
Also, here is another way to consider me, I am a Ken doll any Barbie CAN dress in her clothes, and I would feel most comfortable in them and to model them for her. Come shopping with me, sweetie.
”
Chris, Jackie email, May 6 2011[7]
According to an email Chris sent to Jackie on 26 March 2011, Chris started cross-dressing at the beginning of that month.[7] On 30 March 2011, Chris changed his PSN quote to the CWC-ism "I am Tomgirl".
On 29 April, the Tomgirl Pictures were released by Surfshack Tito. In them, Chris is dressed in woman's clothing, posing in what he believes are seductive positions. For some reason, Chris removed the Tomgirl PSN quote immediately after PSN came back online after a month of inactivity on 14 May, possibly due to receiving attention from trolls.
On 16 August 2011, Chris recorded Kaka Makeup Basics, a makeup tutorial video, reinforcing his tomgirl identity.
Still officially a "heterosexual" and "proud to be male," some of his words and actions betrayed a deeper gender confusion. He started using women’s restrooms. He told Jackie that he fantasized about "fit[ting] in at a lesbian bar," where he believed he would have no trouble seducing a lesbian and persuading her to bone "in lesbian's position (the scissor-thing) with my dick in her vag."[8] In December 2013 he confessed to Rebeckah, "I wish I was born female, with the possibility of being a lesbian."[9]
Lesbian-identified male
On 14 August 2014, Chris revealed via Facebook that he was a self-described "Tomgirl, Intersex of Female Soul with Male Body, and a Tranny Cross-Dresser", posting shortly afterward to be a lesbian in a male body[10]. He also proclaimed that he is a supporter of "LBT" rights, which seems to have neatly coincided with the advent of his professed status as a transgender person. His omission of the "G" (Gay) was attacked by Kim, in the face of which Chris admitted that the "G.M.s" were "fortunate" to be "on the boat", suggesting that he hadn't yet changed his views on gay men.
In July 2014, Chris had a vision, while meditating, about being a lesbian in a past life.[11] He took it as a sign affirming his gender identify. Years later, in a 2019 interview, he said:
I had, exhibited but not totally realized my uh, feminine habits and traits and then it became more apparent to me that I was definitely soulfully a woman, due to the vision I had where I saw myself in a past lifetime by the tree at Woodstock and I was a woman then so yep, I'm soulfully a woman, so, so it's a good thing to go on from there and I never regretted it.[12]
In September 2014, a fan inquired on his preferred gender and pronouns. Chris replied that he was very comfortable being referred to by either pronoun, adding that he would be flattered at being mistaken as a woman. He added that he did not currently have plans to change his name.[13]
He began going to the Impulse Gay Social Club in fall 2014.
Lesbian transwoman
“
I am a (Female Soul) Transwoman (no operation yet), And a Lesbian.
”
Chris, January 2015[14]
Chris(tine)'s new driver's license and "woman card". His signature is surprisingly neat considering the quality of his art. Also, the woman card probably looks great next to his autism card.
In Spring 2015, Chris changed his mind on his pronoun and name and referred to himself as Christine (apparently ignorant that Christian was originally a female name), a "Lesbian TransWoman", using female pronouns.[15]
In May 2015, Chris turned his fursona, Chris-chan Sonichu, into a lesbian transwoman. He also wrote about a fantasy in which Chris-chan Sonichu impregnates himself with his own semen to produce two children.[16]
After being rejected as a sperm donor the previous year, Chris tried his own DIY method to preserve his sperm for the possibility of gender surgery. Chris's Specimen Sample is a video of him showing off his collection of semen in Tupperware containers in his kitchen freezer, and dates on the containers indicate he was doing this for at least nine months, though this was futile as the sperm was destroyed by placing it in a home freezer.
In May 2016, he successfully filed for a name change to "Christine Weston Chandler".[3] Later, with the help of his gender psychologist, he also filed paperwork with the DMV for a new driver's license identifying him as female, which was granted.[17]
Chris was unaware that he also had the option to update his birth certificate; upon finding out, he decided not to, stating:
I had no idea one can update their birth certificate too. For me though, I’d leave mine the way it is, because I am not going to deny my own history and past. I was born male, and dubbed “Christopher”, but I realized I was female the whole time and changed my name to “Christine” soon enough. And to have those on my drivers license is good enough for me.[18]
The self-inflicted taint wound, Chris's attempt to free his imaginary vagina, happened in summer 2016. In fall, Chris began taking HRT.[19]
He attended LGBT events such as Cville Pride, Love is Love and UVA Remembers Pulse, and considered himself to be a member of the SLGBTQ community.
Bisexual transwoman
Main article: Bisexual
In early 2018, Chris suddenly announced that he identified as bisexual rather than lesbian - the result of brainwashing from the Idea Guys to make Chris think he was in relationships with fictional male characters.
Interest in sexual reassignment surgery
In the years before he formally identified as transgender, Chris had given some thought to sex reassignment surgeries. In 2007 he told Megan, “if I ever stoop down to changing my path [i.e., becoming a homo], I might as well would get a gender change operation.”[20]
Chris's thoughts on the procedure shifted over time. In his pre- and early-transgender state, his opinion was essentially that MTF transwomen should not undertake the surgery as it would not grant them functional female reproductive organs.[21] Later, as his gender identity changed, he became more open to the idea, but wanted to hold off until either Crystal was conceived or his sperm could be preserved.
“
If [my child was a] Hermaphrodite, I would raise it to be male regardless since it would not have any eggs anyway. Plus big bonus for (him) in sex with all women (lesbians included I would imagine).
”
Chris, mid-2014.[22]
In other words, there were two obstacles in the way of Chris losing his duck. First, a sex change operation wouldn’t provide him with reproductive organs. Since, as a woman, he would not be able to give the birth to Crystal personally, he must first impregnate someone (he can’t adopt, because Crystal must come from "blood, tears, and semenal descent.")[23] Second, his belief that his penis could still be useful for relationship purposes - wanting to be "open to all women, Straight, Bi, and Lesbian." In a May 2015 Facebook Q&A, regarding the operation, he was equivocal, and wrote, "I am exploring making the best of this body for Any Woman born with a vagina."[24]
During 2014, Chris stated that he was contemplating sexual reassignment surgery.
“
I Hate Being Born A Male, and after I have my children, I am getting an Organ Sex Change Operation!
”
Chris, hoping to impregnate someone who will give him a baby boy and a baby girl.[25]
He tried to fulfill the prophecy of Crystal's birth by using a sperm bank, however, the bank rejected him.[26]
It should also be noted that Chris doesn’t have a fucking clue how sex reassignment works. In June 2015 he posted an advertisement on Facebook: “I deserve to be a full woman with a full functioning vagina. A- blood type, if anyone wants to put up the money and trade.”[27] As with most things he wants, Chris prefers to sit on his fat lesbian ass and wait for "a Magical Transformation of my body from Male to completely Female."[28]
In 2020, when Chris was asked about if he would be getting a sexual reassignment surgery, he answered with the following:
“
Yes, and this body is going to become fully, genuinely transformed and birth-able.
”
Chris[29]
Chris, presumably realizing that his semen would no longer be potent enough to conceive a child due to hormone replacement therapy that he was utilizing, now seems to think that he's got another way to make Crystal and Reginald real. It goes without saying that Male-To-Female transgender people cannot conceive children due to the hormonal imbalances that impact their fertility, and even though research on the possibility of transplanting a uterus into an MTF body is being done, Chris lacks significant income to finance such a procedure anyway, presuming that he'd even be healthy enough or physically capable of bearing children by the time that such a medical breakthrough could be realized. How Chris plans to get the money to get a sex change or a hypothetical uterine transplantation amidst the Financhu Crisis remains unclear; it's entirely possible that Chris believes that some part of the Dimensional Merge will allow him to fully become a woman and allow him to fulfill his fantasy of becoming a parent.
Not that Chris could afford sex reassignment anyway, as it costs thousands of dollars, while Chris struggles to pay his basic bills and spends what little he does save on frivolities like trips to BronyCon. It's even more impossible now that he's been incarcerated. Even then, it's unlikely Chris would go through with the procedure, as doing so would castrate Chris and render him unable to have children.
List of Chris's MTF transition methods
Chris's menstrual pads
Chris has made several attempts to transition into a true and honest woman. Unfortunately for him, he has a strong belief in junk science and miracle cures. As a result, his initial favored methods produced no benefits or were harmful to his health.
Growing out his hair
Changing his clothing
Shaving his eyebrows
Using menstrual pads
Piercing his taint and letting it get inflamed
Requesting his fans to fund a prosthetic vagina
Wearing a vibrating bra
Taking Oestrogel without physician approval
Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis
Breast massaging
Cutting open his taint with a knife
Female hormone vitamins
Going on actual hormone replacement therapy
Eating prunes and putting soy sauce on everything
Using Solaray Female Hormone "VegCaps"
Voice training
Chris's self-posted transition timeline from 2009 to 2019, when Chris was on feminizing hormone therapy for 3 years. Aside from having longer hair and the fat distribution shifting around the facial area due to using HRT (and getting progressively fatter over the years), Chris's appearance is largely the same post-transition due to poor hygiene and likely misapplying the transition-related materials that had been prescribed to him.Chris has been making an effort to feminize his voice, but instead of pulling off a convincing femme voice like some other trans women, he talks with a Mickey Mouse falsetto. The falsetto often drops down to his old voice at some point in a given video, sometimes as soon as he introduces himself. He has also ditched his monotone speech pattern for an extreme sing-song tone, especially when he adds bits of random-access humor. In Q&A NO MORE, he continued to affect a feminine voice when he was yelling, resulting in a cartoonish witch-like scream.
Ironically, Chris's pre-transition voice was already naturally high, around the same fundamental pitch as a child. Instead of going even higher in pitch, he could have worked on feminizing his resonance (the "buzz" of a male voice) and inflections with daily practice, possibly with the help of a voice trainer. But alas, that takes effort.
Hormone therapy
See also: Chris and health#Gender transitioning
At first, between 2015 through fall 2016, Chris attempted using Oestrogel as a DIY hormone therapy method. Since Oestrogel is a hormone replacement gel meant for menopausal women, and Chris's self-regimen consisted of slathering entirely too much of the medication on himself, any effects were questionable and a potential health risk.
Chris eventually went on a prescribed HRT treatment consisting of estradiol and spironolactone[30] around the fall of 2016.[19] Marvin explained:
Basically if you say the right things to a therapist for a few months, they'll write you a recommendation for HRT and send you to an endocrinologist. Chris was referred to one at UVA. They gave him a script and made him sign away liability (the "informed consent" part).[31]
Chris also mentioned taking hormones to Idea Guy:
I can say that Chris knows the fact that he shortened his lifespan taking those hormones. In fact, I wouldn’t say he’s suicidal, so much as he’s fine with the idea he could die sooner. I dunno if it counts as his view of reality, but Chris thinks he might be able to have a baby once the transition is complete (I have nothing to do with that. Chris said it’s a possibility he could get pregnant).[32]
Chris's health insurance, the taxpayer-funded Medicare program, covers HRT.[33]
Chris has mentioned appointments with an endocrinologist (but misspells it as "Endochronologist") in August 2020[34] and December 2020.[35] Further, Chris claims that part of the reason he has not undergone gender surgery is that his endocrinologist hardly knows anyone within driving distance for the job.[36]
During the Jail Saga, Chris still took HRT, shown by a medical receipt from Central Virginia Regional Jail.[37] In a March 2024 livestream, Chris again mentioned that he had been taking HRT for years.[38]
Community support
In 2016, Chris saw a psychologist over his gender transition.[39]
In September 2017, he mentioned going to a local support group for transgender people once a month.[4]
Reactions
Being a rural southerner, Chris comes from a conservative region and background. His parents are conservative, and anti-LGBT sentiment is strong outside college and LGBT circles. Internet forums gossiping about Chris (from 4chan to Kiwi Farms) tend to be politically incorrect and avoid respecting transgender identities.
Parents
A panel from Sonichu #12 of an autobiographical narrative of Chris coming out as a tomgirl to his parents.
Chris's parents were not happy when he began crossdressing. Bob "threw the damned 'fag' card" at Chris.[40] Barbara made negative remarks, such as "I didn't raise a daughter",[40] "do not wear eye shadow", "you look like a prostitute", "lipstick makes you look like a hooker", "you're turning into a gay", "what are you piercing next?" and "what's next, you wearing a skirt and high heels?".[41]
Barbara also tried to pay Chris to stop wearing panties and go back to wearing briefs – however, Chris refused.[42]
During May 2011, an angry Barbara chopped Chris's hair short in a failed attempt to stop his crossdressing, prompting Chris to call her a bitch:[43]
My mother comes upstairs and yells at me about how She Thinks I'm turning queer from being Tomgirly and Feminine, AND she fears that I would kill her. Hand to God, I would never kill Anyone, including my own mother and father. Violence and Murder is Rarely the answer; murder is Morally Wrong; I care about my mother and father Very Much. And even worse, she threatens to kill me in her episode of emotional rage. She also took my keys. And shortly later, she tells me to come downstairs, so I go; she tells me to sit down, and she does the worse thing that broke the last straw on my camel's back, she Cuts my Long Hair Short and Butchered. After seeing the butchered hair in the mirror, I was soo in shock, I wield the double-edge sword I have been holding in for weeks since a much earlier fit of emotional rage of hers. I called her a Bitch. With her as a bitch, that makes me a son of a bitch, and it hurts me deep too. My hair is soo bad, I have to wear my PaRappa wool hat to cover the whole mess when I go out; I can not be seen in public with this short-hair mess.
Chris then remarked, "I forgave her for the butchering of my hair today, but now while I still care and love her like a child for a mother, sadly there is now a Mutual lack of deep trust between us."
Before Bob passed away in the fall of 2011, he told Chris he accepted and loved him for who he is.[44]
Over the next few years, Barbara remained opposed to Chris's crossdressing. Chris stated in 2014: "I would cross dress more often if my mother was not against me doing it (panties and bra included, but wear them anyway)."[45] However, Barbara's resistance gradually diminished and Chris resumed openly crossdressing. When Chris legally changed his name to Christine in 2016, he did so behind Barb's back, though she later found out and was livid with him.[46]
Chris's gender identity may be the only significant thing in which he has successfully resisted the will of his parents.
Locals
In May 2011, Chris recounted an experience where he got yelled at by a jerkop for going to the women's restroom and said that, though he felt embarrassed, he would continue using the women's restroom while crossdressing as "there is no goin' back for me".[47]
In June 2011, Chris was shopping at Sheetz when a man, seeing him in his crossdressing attire, asked him if he was gay, to which an upset Chris replied, "No, I AM a Tomgirl."[48]
In a January 2019 tweet, Chris claimed his neighbor "across the street from me shouted angrily at me; blaming me for his child questioning their Gender Identity".[49]
Followers
Chris's transition tends to divide many of his online followers. Those who consistently respect transgender identities use his preferred name and pronouns, some who don't argue that his identity is illegitimate, and others avoid respecting transgender identities. In some cases, those who directly orbit Chris may sometimes use his preferred name/pronouns when speaking to him but not when speaking about him in private. This very wiki uses male pronouns and his pre-transition name to stay consistent with records, although the matter was debated when Chris first began identifying as transgender.[50]
Effect on the Love Quest
“
And for nothing more than the experience, you may give me a try in private. Protected and no penetration required. I have an open mind for what you may desire. traditional for the straight women. clit-rubbing and pussy eating for the lesbians. And any way for the bisexual women. Massages, making out, lots of attention and eye contact, and whatever else desired, for all Women regardless of orientation!
”
Chris, May 2015[51]
“
And one can view the male part like an extended clitoris, regardless of what it actually is. Put a condom on it, and rub the side against a clitoris, not only Really does good for me, but I imagine and empathize stimulating for her as well.
”
Chris[51]
Chris's gender dysphoria issues influenced the scope of his love quest. As Chris is biologically male while identifying as a female, but still heterosexual, he remained attracted only to women. To resolve this, he identified as a lesbian in order to address both his gender identity and sexuality. Chris also tried to leverage his biologically male body in an attempt to appeal to women of other sexual orientations. On various occasions, Chris has made statements to the effect of him being "compatible with all women", or that he can "go any way [a woman] desire[s]". In practice, Chris actually reduced his female dating pool dramatically – straight women are the majority, and they generally are not attracted to trans women. Chris is essentially limited to lesbian and bisexual women who are open to dating trans women, and that's ignoring actual interpersonal chemistry.
All of Chris's prior problems with establishing a real romantic relationship with anyone pre-transition are still present. His attempt to get to the point and solicit sex also fell through, much like it did previously – mainly because Chris is perceived as being undesirable as a romantic partner for a multitude of reasons.
Ultimately, Chris would give up on trying to find a real boyfriend-free girl and would instead engage in a polyamorous marriage with several imaginary friends after being encouraged to do so by the Idea Guys, although he would later indicate dissatisfaction with not being romantically involved with real people.[52] This came to a head in June 2021, when he is alleged to have begun sexual acts against his own mother. When the authorities took him away, he was booked into Central Virginia Regional Jail under his True and Honest Godbear-given gender.[53]
Deadname
“
I'm neutral about people calling me "Chris" or "Christine" but I would like if you Good People would respect my chosen name.
”
Chris's paradoxical thoughts on the matter.[54]
“
***Christine*** you FUCKING INTERNET DOUCHEWHORE!
”
Chris[55]
During his transition, Chris has occasionally become annoyed at people for referring to him as Chris instead of Christine, despite the fact that Chris (as a short form name) is unisex.[54][56] He doesn't have an issue with "Chris Chan", seeing that "Chris Chan Sonichu" is his Twitter name.
In the comic
ELECTRIC SEX CHANGE POWER! PEW!
Before exploring transgenderism, Chris used the intersex character Silvana to symbolize the evil trolls. The evil Count Graduon told her, “I am going to grant you with the power to transform like a Ditto. My price is that you will have to relinquish your ability to give birth, and you will be upgraded to have both parts. So with the biological upgrade complete, your years of training can begin.”[57] She proceeded to seduce and horrify the tranquil community.
In Sonichu 11, Collosal Chris-Chan learns of his future self's identity and reflects on it, reasoning that he is not fond of partaking in "brutish things" following his meaningless destruction of the 4-cent garbage building and subsequent murdering of several inhabitants, his battle with Mary Lee Walsh in which he permanently paralyzes her with lighting-based weaponry, and his then-retconned execution of the Asperpedia Four. Chris then magically starts transforming into a voluptuous woman, a sequence inspired by artist Miss Mako and her collection of genderbending videos. To him, transitioning is a technique that simply requires an epiphany and anchuent powers to immediately turn into a full-fledged woman.
Chris drew his avatar - Chris Chan Sonichu/Comic Chris -
with the traits he's always desired since becoming a tomgirl, such as eyelashes, bigger breasts and wider hips, revealing very much of what kind of results Chris wishes to get from his transition. Chris Chan Sonichu and Comic Chris are become canonically transgender - becoming a D-cup female with “a uterus and ovaries,” who became pregnant with twins via self-insemination with a turkey baster containing his own semen.[16] Miscellaneous design changes for the transgender Chris Chan Sonichu include the trademark female Pikachu tail; and the color of his shoes change from black and white to turquoise and lime green.
Robbie Sonichu has a storyline in Sonichu #12 about his gender transition which closely mirrors Chris's own, from identifying as male, to tomgirl, to lesbian transwoman.
Sonichu #12 features a short autobiographical narrative of Chris's gender transition at the conclusion of Episode 26.
The Sonichu bodyswap
Delusion disclosure: This article or section takes place during Chris's phase of role-playing as Sonichu. He may refer to his Christine Chandler personality and physical body in the third person by using terms such as "mama".
“
And you all know one thing that is also bugging me right now?
Some time recently, Chris felt like prettying my body’s bit for her own identity. I could not pull off wearing a white jacket on my body while I was in it. But the whopper; she put mascara on my face; extending my short eyelashes. It really bothered me.
”
[58]
Chris puts mascara on Sonichu.
As a spin-off of his Dimensional Merge coping mechanism, Chris has claimed that he has swapped bodies with imaginary friend Sonichu, allowing Chris's spirit to manage affairs in dimension C-197. This has resulted in psychological conflict between Chris's escapism and his gender dysphoria issues, as the imaginary friend Sonichu identifies as a male while Chris identifies as a female. In chat with The Place from 17 January 2021,[58] as well as on Twitter the following day,[59] "Sonichu"-in-Chris's-body complained about Chris-in-Sonichu's-body putting mascara on.
Transition Timeline Gallery
See also: Tomgirl Pictures
March Picture 1, featuring proto-Tomgirl Chris.
March Picture 2
March Picture 3
Chris's Facebook pic of July 2011, wearing earrings.
A random PS3 Home avatar which in no way reminds us of Chris. Good thing they put the usernames there.
In September, Chris was spotted at Wal-Mart. Note the purse.
With double-decker eyebrows.
Holding his box of menstrual pads.
Chris with a mullet in March 2013.
Chris in May 2015
Chris in 2016
Photo from February 2019
Fan art
Chris's dream.
GOODBYE HORSES.
Fan art that was actually made canon years later.
"IT'S A TRAP!"
Tomgirl or He-Man?
TRUE and HONEST picture from Chris's brief stint in British theatre
A true and honest minifigure.
There are probably more, but here are the major ones.
Tomgirl Chris and SammyClassicSonicFan: the one true pairing.
See also
Chris and fashion
Chris and gender
Hair
Hermaphrodite - A term Chris once used for pre-op trans women before becoming one himself.
Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia
Tomgirl Pictures
Robee Sonee and the Tomgirls
References
↑ https://www.dictionary.com/browse/transgender
↑ https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2019/04/02/percentage-us-population-transgender-statistics/
↑ 3.0 3.1 File:Court Record - 2016 Name Change from Christian to Christine (Chris, CL16000067-00).png
↑ 4.0 4.1 Internet Dream Lounge 4 - Chris Chan (unused version)#Therapy (1:08:36-1:09:56)
↑ https://www.psychiatry.org/patients-families/gender-dysphoria/what-is-gender-dysphoria
↑ https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/conditions/gender-dysphoria
↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 Jackie E-mails 24
↑ Jackie E-mails 25
↑ Rebeckah Bentley E-mails#Dead end of a life
↑ August 2014 Facebook Posts#Chris comes out...kinda
↑ File:SchuComic12-1P68.jpg
↑ Jackson Dalton
↑ Misc texts#Name change question
↑ January 2015 Facebook posts#Baby, Chris Was Born This Way
↑ Facebook#Contact and Basic Info
↑ 16.0 16.1 May 2015 Facebook posts#Meet Russel and Cynthia
↑ July 2016 Facebook posts#Christine's Driver's License and Woman's Card
↑ https://twitter.com/NightStar2891/status/1034472015942565888
↑ 19.0 19.1 September 2017 tweets#Chris insists he's on HRT
↑ Megan emails, Aug-Dec 2007#Chris is angry about Megan kissing her friend, then pities himself
↑ Calling Out Jack Thaddius - Ahuviya
↑ List of OkCupid Answers
↑ List of Chris's edits to Encyclopedia Dramatica#10 November
↑ May 2015 Facebook posts#All This and Eye-Contact Too! and May 2015 Facebook posts#The Mailbag Returns
↑ Colin Chat 1
↑ Open Relationship E-mails#Need my daughter
↑ June 2015 Facebook Posts#Let's Trade Genitalia
↑ Open Relationship E-mails#Depressed on Christmas
↑ Discord Q&A 7
↑ Sachumo Interview
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (Marvin)#HRT
↑ Idea Guy Q&A
↑ https://transequality.org/know-your-rights/medicare
↑ The Place chats (August 2020)#Pokestop rejection
↑ The Place chats - ProjectSNT and Opuscon789#Discussing Opuscon789 and ProjectSNT
↑ June 2021 social media posts#More Andy Warhol and autism
↑ Jail Art (reverse side)#Goddess At Work
↑ Christ Chan Live Stream: YouTube Video Watching
↑ Chris changed the gender marker on his driver's license to identify him as female in 2016. The procedure to do this in Virginia is to have a professional whose "practice includes the treatment and counseling of persons with gender identity issues" vouch for the person's gender identity on this form. Also mentioned by Chris in a Sonichu #12 page
↑ 40.0 40.1 Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia#Re: Coming out to my parents
↑ Jackie E-mails 24
↑ Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia#Re: Mothers
↑ Jackie E-mails 26
↑ File:SchuComic12-1P68.jpg
↑ According to Chris's OkCupid profile
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (MasterDisaster)#Name Change Drama
↑ Tomboys and Tomgirls of Virginia#Re: Girly Things Tee Hee
↑ Jackie E-mails 28
↑ https://twitter.com/CWCSonichu/status/1088995002221559808
↑ CWCki:Policy#Chris's gender
↑ 51.0 51.1 May 2015 Facebook posts
↑ February 2021 social media posts#Message to the faker and hater trolls
↑ https://www.reddit.com/r/ChrisChanSonichu/comments/oyoq0h/its_official_chris_has_been_transferred_into_his/
↑ 54.0 54.1 May 2018 social media posts#Mad at Facebook friends
↑ May 2018 social media posts#Meltdown on Twitter
↑ Kiwi Farms posts (other users)#Short on Cash
↑ Sonichu 8 Official Videobook#Episode 18
↑ 58.0 58.1 The Place chats (January 2021)#Depression Over Reality
↑ January 2021 social media posts#Bodyswap announcement
v • d • e
Gender and Sexuality
Sexualities
Gays  • Lesbians  • Bisexuals  • Asexuals  • SLGBTQ
Genders
Men  • Women (Gal pals  • Sweethearts)  • Trans people (Himself  • Other Trans People)
Notable LGBT+ individuals in Chris's life
Christian Weston Chandler  • Bruce Johnson  • Anna McLerran  • Megan Schroeder  • Aly Hirschberg  • Jack Thaddeus  • Bailey Jay  • The Wallflower  • Jeff Ouzuo  • Sam and Ellen  • Johan  • Joshua Wise  • Nowacking  • Lillie Simpkins  • Jacob Sockness  • MKRNightVee  • Naught  • Lily  • Isabella Loretta Janke  • Fiona Cooper
v • d • e
CWC MD: Overview of Chris's health
Physical conditions and aspects
Obesity ❤️ Incontinence ❤️ Dental hygiene ❤️ Hair health ❤️ Nearsightedness ❤️ Heterochromia ❤️ Genital health ❤️ Body odor ❤️ Bodily fluids ❤️ Hearing loss ❤️ Urinary tract infections
Psychological conditions
Autism 🧠 Narcissism 🧠 Childhood Trauma (Abusive babysitter 🧠 Greene County Conspiracy) 🧠 Delusions 🧠 Gender dysphoria 🧠 Speech impediments 🧠 Tone-deafness 🧠 Anger issues 🧠 Stress 🧠 Facial blindness
Probable causes of bad health
Poor Nutrition 🍔 Parental enabling 🍔 Sedentary lifestyle (Video games) 🍔 Living conditions
Chris's attempts at improvement
Guitar Hero 🍎 Lifting things 🍎 Parkay 🍎 Lipitor 🍎 Hiking 🍎 Pull-Ups 🍎 Shower cleaning 🍎 Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis 🍎 Walking 🍎 Brony Babes 🍎 Recycling 🍎 Solaray Female Hormone Blend SP-7C‎‎ 🍎 Treadmill 🍎 Gym sessions 🍎 Weights
See also
Power Videos 🍎 COVID-19 🍎 Biology 🍎 Alcohol 🍎 Tobacky 🍎 Fitbit 🍎 Region Ten
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Transgender&oldid=350778"