Title: Transformers - Past Ideas Reemerging
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Transformers_-_Past_Ideas_Reemerging
Categories: Chris-chan videos, 2023, Chris-chan videos, 2024
================================================================================

Transformers - Past Ideas Reemerging is a series of videos uploaded to Chris's YouTube channel beginning on 19 December 2023.
In the videos, Chris acts out a story starring his recently custom painted Sonichu Transformers figures and the PVCC. All of their voices are done by Chris, and they all sound similar, making it difficult to identify which character is speaking at any given time.
All of these videos have the following description:
Featuring Son-Chu and his Autobot Team of Cwcville, Virginia, they go out and search for and deal with the sudden present tense invasion of the Decepticlones of the defunct Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens and who has brought them back.
Official Christ Chan Sonichu Prime Etsy Store
[Link to OfficialCWCmart]
Contents
1 Part 1
1.1 Transcript
1.2 Raw captions
2 Part 2
2.1 Transcript
2.2 Raw captions
3 Part 3
3.1 Transcript
3.2 Raw captions
4 References
Part 1
Magichan visits Son-Chu and team to share his wisdom.
Transformers - Past Ideas Reemerging
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
19 December 2023
Saga
Revelations Revelations
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots Part 2
next Richmond International Airport Sighting
Transcript
Transcript
Son-chu: [Chris' normal voice] "Rollout, have you heard from Bumba Lumba yet?"
Rollout: [Distinguished by a nasally voice] "No. He and [indecipherable] are still out searching for clues. Those Decepticons suddenly reemerging, is quite the conundrum."
[Frame change. Son-Chu turns more towards Rollout]
Son-Chu: "I agree, especially considering those Decepticons have been discharged and discarded of many many years ago when [something]graduon retired and signed that peace treaty back in 2017. [Sigh]
In fact that those poor citizens and those couples in love are suddenly being interrupted."
[Frame change. Now non-still footage. Chris moves the toys by hand]
Rollout: "Yeah... [Groan] Especially considering the [Indecipherable] citizens was definitely bad in the first place. Fries my circuits, you know. [Groans]
Oh, anyway, Sorry for that I got some... I gathered some Intel and it looks like we got a new Decepticon base swarming nearby.
I'll yet... I don't see... too many de- I only see one Decepticon, it's not Megatron."
[Frame change, Son-Chu faces more toward the viewer]
Son-Chu: "Huh... quite curious. Even Megatron would not be stupid to be bothering anybody by who was in love... Love was not one of his many Splendid... things."
[Frame change, now a static image]
Son-Chu: "Even Magichan and his psychic Squadron are... still trying to piece together the motivation... and the source of these soulless bots. They have their spark but they have no- no motivations within them.
No personalities... it's hard to read a mind that's not there."
[Frame change, static, Rollout has hands on hips.]
Rollout: "Whatever crackpot- whatever who they are... is doing this right now... they're worse than Graduon [Indecipherable]"
Son-Chu: "Huh, that's actually funny."
[Frame change, no longer static]
[Entering from stage left is a purple toy]
Purple Toy: [In a high pitched "woman's" voice:] "Son-chu, Rollout, I think I may have figured something out from all this. There's a pattern in what those Decepticlones... have been attacking lately."
[Frame change, static image]
Son-Chu: "Do tell, Excelina."
Excelina: "Well, took a bit of piecing together but I noticed... that they... attacked the Blue Moon Cafe as a heavily sourced... initial Target in the last... attack. And then they... and then they attacked... a forklift
that actually took out- down- brought down- a bunch of forklifts.. Doing a number of dam- and then disabling... whole bunch of the other construction vehicles in the area.
And then there was like this... n- this mention I found in a... recording where someone said... 'I'm going to bring the boom doooown' and they said- and it sounded like she... said that... sing song type of voice."
[Frame change, minor pose changes]
Son-Chu: "Sing song type of voice?"
Excelina: "Yes. I actually remin- reminisceses- to about what happened back in 2018 in the events of... [Trademark Sigh] while I was an idea guy. And the inter-dimensional happenings with our Christ-Chan.
Fortunately, as you know... we were prevented from worst of it thanks to Magi-chan. But outside of that, we still have memories of that from our self-counterparts within tha- within our ah- receptors and memories."
[Frame change, Son-Chu strikes a valiant pose]
Son-Chu: "I'll never forgive those idiots from the 1218 half of our Earth who DARED [Indecipherable] and chronicle me [Ruh-roh] with my head, have been removed and put on the silver platter. [Exasperated sigh]
At least I became a head- Headmaster out of it. Still... those scars LINGER.
[Frame change, static, Rollout puts hand on chest]
Rollout: "Well I right- remember that aswell.. though fortunately I survived... [Chris audibly moves script] apart from the worst of those nightmares."
[Frame change, static, Rollout's hand is down]
Rollout: "Magichan was the one that was able to tell us... some of what happened on those alternate time [Indecipherable] that- that Christ-Chan had been deviated to. But there was one detail that he definitely made sure
It was clear and was put in our Cybertronian logs... the deceptive... evil human... that became a Headmaster herself. That might be her... I can't say for certain."
[Frame change, moving image]
Son-chu: "Well that narrows our search down a bit... find somebody who was actually more- memory-related... and link with our s- self-counterpart from that alternate timeline. We find a Cy- we find a partial Cybertronian...
that actually... does that... might find the individual that's... got these Decepticons out attacking everybody now. [Trademark hmm] If only Magichan had actually... [Indecipherable] us more about that.
But I'm certain he might be able to provide an answer or two later on.
[Weird, possibly unintentional background noise] For now though, we should continue our search. Find out... the footprints of this... cretin that ended these Decepticlones out disrupting love- not only in the state of
Virginia, but at the least throughout the entire United States of America."
[Frame change, enter Magichan suspended on a stick from top of stage]
Magichan: "[In a slightly deeper voice] And when you meditate on that for not too long you are able to find the identity of the individual that is manifesting this within our timeline in-Universe."
Son-Chu:' "Magichan!"
Magichan: "Yes, indeed it is I... of course your- her name... is within the database of the Subatronic network, but it is encrypted as... you all are aware and ofcourse... you... are aware, Rollout.
You shall find her name... reminiscent of that- of the- of the events... of the anime, Sinful Gear... but... it is within the event that was similar to that foam- that particular show... which chronicled...
such musical... events.
Find her... in whatever state of the United States of America she's in. You will find your answers indeed. We shall be in touch, the psychic Squadron and I."
[Magichan exits stage up]
[Frame change]
Son-chu: "Thank you Magichan... yeah... and ofcourse it be... among the sage-ness- the psychic ones that tend to want leave the most direct details and clues... overlooked for us to figure out for ourselves.
Anyway, I'll continue to check computers, I'm certain I'm going to find that detail. [Trademark hmm] I'm wondering if it might be possibly one of the old books."
Excelina: "Oh you mean the comic books that Christ-Chan wrote?"
Son-Chu: "I think so at Excelina, but we'll figure it out shortly enough. Wher- wherever she's doing what... their mo- what their motivations are... it can't be any good."
[Frame change]
[Loud autistic yelling of character off-screen]
Alpha[something]: "AAAAAAAAA...Warriors... [In an old fogey voice] listen to me, young Warriors... there's a lot more to listen- to doolee- to me what meets the eye. The [Indecipherable] pun of that... from the
theme songs... and all that... being... irrelevant... to... the situation at hand."
[Frame change, static image]
Son-Chu: "What sage advice do you have for us today, Alpha[Indecipherable] on and please not- let not- let it be another old individual brain fart... or... paraphrasing that is... misleading or otherwise... awkward."
Alpha[something]: "I'll tell you this... bad wisdom... tale and true... young warriors. You delve into... details... that came from an alternate universal timeline line... you could very well mess up with this timeline...
and yourselves as well. So be careful... when you seek this information... because... it could potentially lead... to [Chris drops voice:]dissemination. [Starts voice again] The insights I get from the cosmos
and the... [Indecipherable] records and everything... and then they escape me... I feel so [Indecipherable]. Psychic powers, eh. Live 'em, love them."
Son-Chu: "We know- we know [Indecipherable] we appreciate Magichan the psychic Squadron."
Alpha[something]: "Oh good, good, good. Do very well in that. it's certainly a lot better than the advice I gave to the old Decepticons years ago... about when the trouble reached the bung hole and the moon... fallen
into a vat of tapioka..."
[Frame change]
Rollout: "And there it is... it just became awkward. And unfortunately, I actually know what that- means."
Excelina: "Yeah you would, [Voice crack] Rollout."
Rollout: "Hey, don't get snipey with me!"
[Frame change]
Alpha[something]: "Well! I' better go get my soup for the kitchen. And... I actually do remember how I helped Optimus Prime, but unfortunately... it escapes my consciousness at the moment. [Autistically loud:] FAREWELL
YOOOOOOUUUNNNGGG WARRRRRIOOORRRRSSSS."
[Alpha[something] exits stage left]
Rollout: "Well, I better get back to cracking... that database is not going to crack itself. And that ladybot... or whatever... is not gonna' to get away with this."
[Frame change]
Son-Chu: "Right, you keep up the good work, Excelina... continue your- research In progress. And give yourself a little recharge before you head back out."
EExcelina: "Allright, but of course I also wanted to mention that [Indecipherable name] and and Jet have found something back in the West District. So... they'd check in shortly I'd hope. All right...
I'ma get a quick recharge and I'm going to get back on [Indecipherable] about this, [Indecipherable] for quite a long time, Son-Chu."
Son-Chu: "It's a lot of hard work, Excellina. But regardless, you know... it's well worth it... as we all continue to transform and roll out."
Excelina: "Optimus Prime would be so proud of you."
Son-Chu: "Bumblebee is too, you know that.
Excelina: "Yeah."
[Video thankfully ends]
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
roll out have you heard from Bubble yet
no Ian Raven are still out searching for
clothes those deceptic clones suddenly
reemerging is quite the
conundrum I agree especially considering
those recipon have been discharged and
discarded of many many years ago when
Wasington gradu and retired and signed
that peace treater back in
2017 in fact that those poor citizens
and those couples in love are suddenly
being interrupted
yeah especially concern PBC citizens was
definitely bad in the first place frze
my circuits you
know anyway Sor for that I got some I
got some Intel and it looks like we got
a new Decepticon base swarming nearby
I'll yet I don't see too many de I only
see one Decepticon it's not
Megatron huh quite curious even Megatron
would not be stupid to be bothering
anybody by who was in
love love was not one of his many
Splendid
things even mag sh and the psychic
Squadron are still trying to piece
together the
motivation and the source of these
soulless Bots they have their spark but
they have no no motivations within them
no personalities it's hard to read a
mind that's not
there whatever
crackpot whatever who they are is doing
this right now they wor and gradual onia
huh that's actually
funny Su you fall out I think I may
figured something out from all this
there's a pattern in what those deceptic
clones have been attacking
lately do tell
Selena well took a bit of piecing
together but I noticed that they
attacked the Blue Moon Cafe as a heavily
sourced initial Target in the last
attack and then they and then they
attacked a forklift that actually took
out brought down a bunch of forklifts St
a number of them and then disabling
whole bunch of the other G Vos in the
area and then there was like this n this
menion I found in a recording where
someone
said I'm going to bring the boom down
and they said and it sound like she said
sing song type of voice sing song type
of voice yes I actually remin reminisces
to about what happened back in 2018 in
the events
of while was an idea guy and a
dimensional happenings with our Christ
champ fortunately as you know we were
prevented from worst of it thanks to
magican but outside of that we still
have memories of that from our self
counterparts within within our receptors
and
memories I'll never forgive those idat
from the 1218 half of our Earth who dare
car and chronical meat with my head have
been removed and put on disable
platter at least I became a head
Headmaster out of it still those scars
linger well I right remember that as
well though fortunately I
survived from the worst of those
nightmares mag CH was one was able to
tell us some of what happened on those
alternate time D that that Christ Chan
have been deviated to but there was one
detail that he definitely made sure it
was clear and was put in our cyberon
logs the deceptive evil human that
became a Headmaster herself that might
be her I can't say for
certain well that narrows our search
down a bit find somebody who was
actually more memory related and link
with our s counterart from that alate
timeline we find a Cy we find a partial
cybertronian that actually does that
might find the individual that's got
these Decepticon out attacking everybody
now if only mag Chan actually like us
more about that but I'm certain he might
be able to provide an answer to later on
for now though we should continue our
search find out the footprints of this
creedon that sended these deceptic
clones without disrupting love not only
in the state of Virginia but at the
least throughout the entire United
States of
America and when you meditate on that
for not too long you are able to find
the identity of the individual that is
manifesting this within our timeline in
Universe magic Chan yes indeed it is I
of course your her name is within the
database of the sub network but is
encrypted as you all are aware and of
course you are where roll out you shall
find her name reminiscent of that the of
the events of the anime sinful gear but
is within the event that was similar to
that from that particular show which
chronicled such musical
events find her in whatever state of the
United States of America she's in you
will find your answers indeed we shall
be into touch the psychic Squadron and
I thank you bad CH yeah of course it be
among the sage the psychic ones that
tend to want leave the most direct
details and clues of for us to figure
out for ourselves anyway I could a check
appears I'm certain I'm going to find
that
detail I'm wondering if it might be in
possibly one of the old
books oh you me the comp a CH
I think so at Selena but we'll figure it
out shortly enough whever she's doing
what their MO what their motivations are
it can't be any
good
Warriors listen to me Young Warriors
there's a lot more to L to LLY what
meats the eye the thetic pun of that
from the theme songs and all that being
irrelevant to the situation at
hand what stage advice do you have for
us today on for tri on and please not
let not let it be another old individual
brain fart or paraphrasing that is
misleading or otherwise
awkward I'll tell you this B wisdom T
and true young oros you delve into
details that came from an ultra
Universal timeline line you could very
well mess up with this timeline and
yourselves as well so be careful when
you seek this information because it
could potentially lead to
dissemination the inserts I get from the
cosmos and AIC records and everything
and then they escape me I feel so me to
Blind night now py
Powers love them love
them we know we know have a try we appre
magican the psychic Squadron oh good
good good do very well in that it's
certainly a lot better than the advice I
gave to the old seticons years ago about
when the turle reached the bug hole and
the moon fallen into a v
OFA and there it is it just became
awkward and unfortunately I actually
know what that
means yeah you would roll out hey don't
get snipy with me
well I about go get my soup for the
kitchen and I actually do remember how I
HED Optimus Prime but
unfortunately it escapes my conscious in
a moment farewell
y oh
your well I BR get back to cracking that
datab base is not going to crack itself
and that ladybot or whatever is not
going to get away with this
right you keep up the good work at
Selena continue your research in
progress I give yourself a little
recharge before you head back out all
right but of course I also want to
mention that armat and and Jet have
found something back in the West
District so don't check in shortly I
hope all right I'm get quick recharge
and I'm going to get back on SC but
just I got to hold ter for quite a long
time son
you it's a lot of hard work exelina
but regardless you know it's well worth
it as we all continue to transform and
roll
out Prim be so proud of you Bumblebee
Bumblebee is too you know that
yeah
Part 2
Part 2 includes a battle scene with some basic stop-motion effects.
Chris's arm is briefly visible at 0:13.
Prowler: "Someone else is running the strings"
Past Ideas Reemerging - Part 2
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
30 December 2023
Saga
Revelations Revelations
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Over the shoulder colouring stream
next Light Powered Cwclight Reviews - Bumba-Lumba
Transcript
Transcript
[Using a greenscreen, Chris has the toys come into and out of a static city background]
[A bad-guy comes into view from stage right]
[Yelling, he hits a revealed Blue good-guy on the arm with his weapon]
[With Chris providing "Pew" noises, the bad-guy toy (using basic stop-motion) shoots the good-guy toy]
[The good-guy deflects these projectiles, with Chris providing "Dunk!" noises]
[The good-guy fights back and wins]
Good guy: "I think that's the last of 'em. Jet, [to a sentient weapon in his hand] you transform and go seek out- see for any more of those deceptic clones. FLY!"
Jet: "[Transforming Eh noises] Weeeeee."
Good guy: "Phew. Never a boring day in CWCville. Oh, Proweller. [Proweller enters from stage left]"
Prowler: "Oh, I took care of all of the Decepti-clones in my part of CWCville. And p-perimeters outside- city- are... seem to be very clear... of any more of them cretins."
Good-guy: "Confound these decepti-clones- of PVC citizens. Don't they ever stop even WHEN... Mary Lee Walsh and Graduon had retired...?"
Prowler: "Somebody else is running the strings... [Indecipherable mumbling] we're trying to figure out what that is. At least we're on the case."
Good-guy: "Right. I sent Jet out to go... scout for some more. P[Indecipherable] that's the last of them for now."
Prowler: "For now. If not... other day..."
Good-guy: "[Deep sigh] Better check in with base. [Arm-something] to- b-b-base [Possibly Bumba-lumba base]. [Arm-something] to bo-bot base. We have cleared the city... of all the- of many of those scoundrel-ass vessels... tractors... and [Indecipherable] as possible. I just took down the last one in my sector. Prowler has confirmed that the perimeter is clear for now.
[Scene changes to Son-Chu and Excelina back at b-b-base]
Son-chu: "We read you loud and clear, [Arm-something (Good-guy)] Excelina and I are getting ready to head out to go scan [Higher-something]. We will meet you and Prowler in Richmond at 0700. See ya'll later.
Bumba-lumba does not- to auto-bot base is [Indecipherable], Bumba-lumba base to autobot base is [Indecipherable], do you copy me, Sonichu? Anybody over there."
Sonichu: "Bumba-lumba this is Sonichu. What's your status?"
Son-Chu: "I believe we have found our culprit. We're gonna- Raven and I are scan the- troop... right now."
Sonichu: "Who do you see?"
Son-Chu: "[Indecipherable] still get the details. Raven do you see anything?"
Raven: [In a high pitched voice/childish voice:] [Possibly off-screen or Excelina by mistake] "I think so... I see this pumpkin [Indecipherable] she's separated from her body.. she's talking to some smack with his robot.. I think- for radio. Oh wait! There's a racecar- come in. What the hell's going on over there? The racecar transformed... hm, ok, who's this thing? She looks like a real [Indecipherable]!"
Sonichu: "[Sighs] Give us your status as soon as you can, Bumba-lumba. We'll see you in Richmond."
Someone, most likely Son-Chu: "Alright, we'll see ya'll later."
[Video abruptly ends]
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
[Music]
I think that's the last of them jet you
transform and go see got to see for any
more of those deceptic clones
fly pH never a boring day and quick fil
oh
Prowler I took care of all sub clones of
my part a quick Phil and perimeters
outside City are seem to be very clear
of any more of them cretans confound
these deceptic clones of PVC citizens
don't they ever stop even when Mary wash
and graduan had retired somebody else is
running the strings cat we're trying to
figure out what that is at least we're
on the case right sent jet out to go out
for some more prly that's the last one
for now for now if not on another
day shing with face armor to by base
armored to B by base we have cleared the
city of all many of those sced vessels
tractors and punish SLS possible I just
looked down the last one in my set there
PR has confirm that the perimeter is
clear for now the VIS I'm clear arat
let's see and I are get ready to head
out to go Scout
hin we will meet you in Prowler en
richment at
0700 see y'all later Bumble Lum Bas
tellr Bumble to Bas tellr do you copy me
anybody over there Bumble this is Sonu
what's your status I believe we have
found our culprit we're going to Raven
and I scan the troop right now who do
you
see R still get the details R do you see
anything I think so I see this pumpkin
she's try separate from her body they
talking to some smack with this robot I
think from Radio oh wait there's a race
car come in what the hell's going on
over
there the race car transform okay who's
this thing she like real
[Music]
bad
give us your stash as soon as you can
Bubba LBA we'll see you in Richmond all
right see y'all later
Part 3
Can't even take a screenshot, yet still edits the video. We all know how that always ends up...
Chris claimed he personally edited the video.[1]
Past Ideas Reemerging - Part 3
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
26 January 2024
Saga
Revelations Revelations
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Esty Comment Review 2
next Very First Media Share Suggestion Live Stream
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Raw captions
Text from YouTube's captions
well at least Raven's up in the dust
right now at least I'm able to blend in
although I'm going to comment just in
this parking lot alone they really do
have quite the vehicle choice to go for
for their punish slabs anyway Bumble
Lumber all about basis T Bumble all
about basis T Sonu is anybody there
over I believe we have found our culprit
R and I are Scout The Troop right
now Raven is still getting the details
Raven do you see
anything I think so I see this b g
separated from her B talking to some
spack with this robot I think did the
radio oh wait there's a race car coming
in but was going on over
there the race car transformed okay
what's this thing she looks like a real
[ __ ] dark scream in this group of
cracklers are honorable way to the city
of Richmond and it was a real fun thing
out racing all those S of Roose juice I
had really fear to get away they're a
lot faster than me I'd say it was from
old age but even psyo would agree that
that was not the case damn it Crasher
your timing is impeccable I was putting
the finishing touches of my newest Tech
don't give me the upper Edge in the
battle against all the Chris CH and all
the Sonic Che and roast Sho and even the
magic Chan the mercy first thing is for
Real nuisance well to let me interrupt
your fun puny half human half
bot Le some of the orders not to bring
this place down crushing
[Laughter]
down as much as I would love to but I
wouldn't want to go against psychos and
Megatron's orders right now yeah yeah
you better not all right let just put
the finishing touches right here and
there ah yes
perfect okay good now I just hop back
onto my trans
sector oh yes that's much better now
with this upgrade I'll be able to go
against such God level foes as that
freaking Christ
Chan that really infuriates me so you
told over time and time time and time
again as if I don't stop on your foot
before you tell it again oh the many
times I tell it the better you know my
motivations
Crasher I you know Crasher back in 2017
and 18 we all H that Steven Boyd and I
we almost had that Christ CH in our
clutches at least we were able to take a
whole mess of money from that bit the
plan of not only War warping Christ
Chan's mind but also doing some massive
damage into the Multiverse and the
entire city of quickfield to boot would
have been successful had it not been for
the intrusion of such meddling
individuals such as that retired US Navy
pilot but I swore in my allegiance with
not only Cobra Commander and all the
satans and demons and devils and
everything upon me and everything that
is robotic and good within us that is
bad for them but of course boyed and
Wilds just wanted too much and of course
with their treachery and their deceit I
did not succeed as I had wanted to and
with my alliances with Monica and that
simple gear girl that wanted to take
down the moon I would have really taking
it down for good and sure and really
wreck this entire plan hey watch where
you're going you manling do yeah I'm
just doing fine and Dy how are you doing
BOS
lady and
Crusher you chipped over my
[Music]
foot lady boss
ma'am and with Megatron appreci given us
more and more of these troops and
resources it is still greatly appreciate
whato but
still I never would have joined the
freaking
Decepticons had that Christ CH never
made me go through with the full robotic
metamorphosis I did identify as a robot
but not as a Transformer godam maybe a
freaking pickup truck of all things oh
well I suppose it is what it is but now
I got all these resources and goods and
I'm able to get things back in order
Crusher
Now we move on to the next step of our
plan in progress right
now as we speak Megatron ought to be com
me
shortly and that rap P never record me
whatsoever yeah the bosses tend to be
quite the bu
kills hey fun is fun
[Laughter]
right come here mototo this is Megatron
ah speak of the scrap metal what is it
Megatron we're here importing more
Energon into your factory as we speak my
troops are on their way with the Enon
Cubes but I am seeing that your forces
are faltering with need be for if you
want want to achieve your goal in over
Conquering the
Multiverse then you know as well as I do
that all our foes need to be dealt with
including my foes Optimus Prime and the
autobot have to align themselves with
those little yellow and pink rats that
run all over the place but it is what it
is I suppose for we are achieving our
Victory with the increased speed in our
forces and the abilities of increases
that we have personally put in to at
least the three that survived their past
incarnations within walshes graduan rule
such like a Dayo and lack of care and
love
nonsense hey M What wave I got all your
burritos out of the oven fresh out of
the oven not now wave oh but you going
have have a waste if you don't eat them
now they're really really spicy just as
you like them old bucket head and
they're filled to the bucket bucket head
bucket head Mak bucket head get out of
here
wave but rest assured
Makoto we shall win and we shall conquer
your rule and my rule and the rule of
all us that are evil and right within
our own
might
or so you say Buckhead shut up
wave right you are Megatron as it should
be and we're those that have passed in
the
failed anyway my troops overpowering not
only quick fail but also the entirety
state of Virginia if they haven't
faltered so much with in that city as it
were
Makoto what was that Crasher oh is it
states
yeah they Lally out Spar us and they
stopped all over us they crushed all the
P slabs said the as face we sent in
after them not
again those freaking rat
bastards boss scrap
face what the hell happened to you well
Makoto boss bam we made it to 128 half
of the earth and we talked and took
pictures and videos of Christ Chan
herself all over the place but then she
noticed us and all the others of the of
the trolls online that were following
her in the process so first to say she
yelled at us I got really really bad she
involed a whole mess of her psychic
powers and magic and whatever dismantled
the three of us and dispel with all
those just he those pely
humans that did but at least she was
merciful look she put us back together
I'll be a little bit botched up I can't
even tell if this here is supposed to be
my weapon or not and I'm it's not even
working anyway I'm using as a freaking
walking
stick but at least I still function and
she allowed us to
live at at least as decent enough from
somebody as God level as Christ Chan
Prime
herself and all the footage we took of
her and all the data we gathered of her
totally wiped for our Central processors
and memory units all we remember is just
the outcome and where we ended up
at the other two of my team the
refractor and the scrap face they are
they're in the repay
Bay and briefway we'll be we should be
up and running shortly enough but I'll
tell you this much I mean you know it
too well
boss R Chan is a real
pow
such good help is so hard to find these
days as you know very well
Crasher well least should not pushing my
head
off yeah anyway our plan goes continue
on as far as the portals is being
overpowered as it is continue on as you
will Crusher right I'm going to go get
some slick upgrades and I'm going to
outspeed those yellow and pink red rats
[Laughter]
everywhere right man this quy
Moto she loed that bot's head off bum
are you getting no this yeah I'm getting
no this raven better keep we better keep
scouting right all right hang on I'm get
to transmission from another part of
building I'll be in touch all right damn
it we're getting our asses handed to us
yeah that's a lot more to get said for
some oh definitely so especially for me
and my big gun you're always going out
with your big gun Sav well as you as you
know pun left my old friend we have been
misled by Walsh and graduan for two long
and since we became sentient with
agatron upgrades I've been a we've been
able to do a lot more for ourselves and
I've been figuring things out for myself
as it has been for between our three of
us and Only We Three got the upgrades
some more so than others was that
supposed to be a big joke I co you guys
especially considering we managed to get
away with more than what we do I mean
look at the savs that we're
manufacturing and put and Shing out
nowadays they have these Bey tiny little
sh sit shot scrap Shooters and when a
bunch of us used to have those big guns
like I had but look at this big Beauty
still turning out the massive big blast
as it were back in the mid 2000s I swear
they're not making them as good as they
used to but hey at least one of us has
to lead the savs it still doesn't give
you ex the excuse to be all wielding
your big guns like you're so high and
mighty above us I mean I'm stronger than
you we punish Slavs came first you
punish Slavs may may have come first but
we CED rors can actually fly unlike the
both of you you're both stuck on the
ground we are higher and mighty than
both of you you both can't even compare
it to us and yet my troops are faltering
like common house flies besides slav we
were all going to be be working together
you were going to upgrade to be a
combiner what made you freaking chicken
out of that I didn't want to have a
combiner L messing with my mechanism and
that was not a cheap gimmick I was going
to let my neck be thrown off of it
lopped over for in any wrecked case in
event and yes for some of us it actually
worked out for the better tell that just
why you're at it you freaking s oh you
want to tell me that to my face pun you
bring it bring
it that's three if you could now if you
know what's good for you you keep your
boats and bits together get your FS back
into the gear and good going or else
I'll deep fry your little butts and
serve them to you for lunch as well as
your underlings before you and the only
thing I'll leave of you to put behind it
which is your
heads yes
Makoto boss lady well you heard the boss
lady we our next line of troops in order
so we can be ready for the next attack
on quickfill and prly this time we will
be able to outwit and outspeed all those
puny electric Hedgehog
Pokemon and their Chris Chan and that
Crystal and all those [ __ ] things and
everybody from about that Multiverse or
whatever 1 half hour
later m hi it P to the midal we got to
go now right Raven start up the engines
and we're rolling on out of
here and let's make it to the others of
Richmond if you end up losing the script
to uhoh yeah I don't think the incoming
party is all too welcoming bumba
[Music]
lumba oh man that was way too close ex
Stingers your low a hunk a punish SL and
scrap now's our chance but it bum
l
References
↑ Catboy Ranch#Bio-Lizard
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Transformers_-_Past_Ideas_Reemerging&oldid=353433"