Title: Transformers Legacy United Merge Bios
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Transformers_Legacy_United_Merge_Bios
Categories: 
================================================================================

Transformers Legacy United Merge Bios is a blog post published by Chris to Cwclight on 23 May 2025. It is the eleventh post to the website, published two days after the previous one. This blog entry features all the bios Chris put on the boxes of his Transformers Legacy United Merged toys. It was updated to add more characters shortly after Chris returned from his fifth trip to Finland. It was then updated again on 6 November 2025 to add the bio for Autobot Soldier Clyde.
Transformers Legacy United Merge Bios
Bios of the bots featured in Transformers Legacy United Merged, in order of the playlist on my YouTube.
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2f2iqihk1ilFnVuZjjQWaz1zqwLkdA0a&si=7jRqvQCNfA5yTfZ_
Son-Chu
(Transformers Titans Return) - The city of Cwcville, VA; defended greatly between the team of Sonichus and Rosechus, the creator, (Jesus) Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu (Prime), and a group of (more than) five brave Autobots, led by Son-Chu; locally (also known) as the Samurai Pizza Bots, as they work delivering pizzas while in hiding until when needed. Not only the Decepticons, but transforming robots created by the team of Count Graduon as well, attack the city to try to take it over and break up all loving relationships worldwide. When the offensives are too big for the Sonichus and Rosechus to handle, Son-Chu and his group are there to blast them off.
(Transformers Legacy United Merged) - The city of Cwcville, VA is greatly defended by the Sonichus and Rosechus, Christine W. Chandler Sonichu, and a group of Autobots led by Son-Chu. They not only defend the city from Decepticons, but also from the transforming Decepticlones and even Team Rocket's tech who attack the city and its citizens. Son-Chu and his group are there to send the enemies packing.
Bumba Lumba
Bumba Lumba is the scrappy scout of the group of Cwcville's Autobot team. He may be mold-mates with Bumblebee and Cliffjumper, he is actually more like Gears without his circuit card, but not so docile. The scout will zap it up almost like a Sonichu with Rain Dance turned on. He is fast and stealthy when it comes to spying on the Decepticons, PVCCitizens, Team Rocket, and so on. His ten-k volt stingers and blaster will disable a heavy enough foe.
Silver
Originally Son-Chu's simple shield partner, Silver is a loyal lion bot with excellent animal bot instincts and intelligence that can easily rival Ravage. He can also really slash Decepticons and Decepticlones with his mighty blades. His transector can still transform into a shield, big or small.
Excelina
Excelina is anything but a low-level fembot. During her combat training with Son-Chu and the others, she exhibited more grace, tenacity and quick instincts similar to Windblade. Her fighting style is comparable with Chun-Li. While in vehicle mode and on the move, she projects a hologram of a lady driver in the seat.
Prowler
Prowler was a solo act with high-spark spirituality and a master of the Samurai and Martial Arts, but he still worked well with his teammates. His personality type is comparable with Autobot Drift with a dash of (G1) Prowl. Bludgeon had to contend with Prowler at times, yet Bludgeon always lost. Prowler also likes to meditate, sometimes sharing a meditate with Magi-Chan Sonichu and Punchy Sonichu.
Armoraxe & Jet
Armoraxe is a tough and durable, a bit hardheaded yet lovable, bot who loves to jam with the beats and tunes with his custom Cybertron guitar that doubles as an Energon-Charged blade axe, a machine shot rifle, and his flying partner, Jet. His personality is a combination of Jazz and Bulkhead. He also sports 11 decible-cracking speakers and subwoofers. He'll jam in the off-time, but he can, and likes to, lift steel girders like dumbbell weights with concrete slabs on either end.
Punislav the First
The longest surviving Punislav from the bunch of Punislavs made by Count Graduon and Mary Lee Walsh of PVCCitizens. This one Punislav stood the greatest of endurance amidst the number of battles against the Sonichus and Rosechus of Cwcville, as well as Chris Chan Sonichu, herself. This one gut upgraded by Megatron and his dark leader boss, Gwenmi Mikoto. Punislav, here, is like an old man compared to his two partners, Crackder and S.A.V. (the Firsts), but he still has the villanious rush to destroy with the old, yet outdated ideal of making true love illegal. He's so stuck in old times like that.
Wave
The mildly hot-headed, yet level-headed warrior, the lovely Wave will fly in and take down all of the Decepticlones, Cons and large foes in her wake with as much caution as possible. She is always on-target and with precision. A few times, as a 70-plus story building was falling down like a tree, Wave swooped in, transformed and held the falling structure in place until the civilians were clared away. Her mach-speed jet form can's out pace most Sonichus and Rosechus, but you can always count on her to save the day and hit the mark.
Chapper
The medic bot, Chapper, aways saw and sees to the aid and rescues of the civilians and his fellow bots. He can be compared to First Aid in personality, but with expertise and knowledge like Ratchet. On the move, he swoops in fast.
Fireshot
Fireshot takes a page in personality from (G1) Inferno, but on the battlefield, he's more like (Armada) Hot Shot. The extending cannon of his can almost rival Megatron's, but it is used to help civilians trapped in a fire with the powered flow of water or retardant foam. And his cannon can extend to very high stories like a ladder (for civilians and firefighters) to climb down and up on. His armored vehicle mod may seem spacey, but it is tough like Ironhide on steroids.
Rollout
The technician and intelligence data bot, Rollout maintains the equipment at the Base, but with Chapper's help, he also creates a number of technological marvels that even Wheeljack would applaud. He can also emit holograms for camouflage on spy and battlefield work. His ATV Jeep from suits him well.
(Autobot) Chris-Chan Prime
The Autobot who was manifested from Vector Sigma within Primus and connections with the Universe's Core and Matrix dubbing herself after learning of the identity of the one Avatar of All Existence. Chris-Chan Prime was very studious in technology, spirituality and all things on Cybertron and throughout the Universe. Chris-Chan Prime created and guided Son-Chu and the Autobots who would end up in Cwcville, Virginia, USA, Earth. With her partner, Rungop, as well as Rung, himself, Chris-Chan Prime leads, works and fights hard alongside Optimus Prime and those of the head Autobots. Her vast knowledge, warrior strength and endurance that spans locally and throughout the Multiverse had earned her the Matrix of Leadership that was imported from an alternate timeline where the Avatar, there, had been lost, as was that one very distant timeline.
S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First
The longest surviving Scoundrel As Vessel from the bunch of S.A.V.s made by Count Graduon and Mary Lee Walsh of PVCCitizens. This one S.A.V stood the brunt of endurance amidst the number of battles against the Sonichus and Rosechus of Cwcville, as well s Chris Chan Sonichu, herself. This one got upgraded by Megatron and his dark leader boss, Gwenmi Mikoto. S.A.V., here, is just simply gun-ho and full of himself. He overprides himself with having the one big gun over the other S.A.V.s He puts himself as the brains compared to Cracker and Punislav (the Firsts). He's one to shoot and hit the mark, even though he misses about a quarter of the time. So, it is to ask if he is as smart as he plays off to be.
Decepticlone Crackder
After Gwenmi Mikoto found her anger against Christ Chan from the 1218 Earth half, she vowed revenge and had sided with Megatron and the Decepticons after salvaging the remains of PVCCitizen' piloted Punislav, S.A.V. and Crackder robots. The common Crackder Decepticlones are typically utilized for flight scouting and aerial assaults.
(Autobot) C-C 82 (Chris-Chan Origin Form)
C-C 82, a.k.a. Chris-Chan, manifested from Vector Sigma within Cybertron Primus, developed her own unique technology from her spiritual and multi-versal explorations. Once upon a time she had fallen, until she was resurrected by Primus and the Universe Core with immortality. Before upgrading to a new transtector and becoming a Prime, Chris-Chan had studied everything from Cybertron, Cybertronians, Sparks and T-Cogs to the origin of the 13 Primes and the well of Sparks. She develops tools, weapons and creates other Cybertronians. She also likes helping and healing her fellow Cybertronians. She sides with the forces of Good and Powers of Light. With her friend, Rung, by her side, she has learned and worked hard in her path that would eventually put her in the Prime rank alongside Optimus and Rodimus.
(Decepticon) Gewnmi Mikoto
From the end of October, 2017 to early April, 2018, IdeaGuy and his crew came around and diverted this very Timeline, the one Prime Timeline. Gwenmi Mikoto was one of IdeaGuy's associates who got the raw end of the deal when I, Jesus Christine Weston Chandler Sonichu Prime, woke to the events and started the restoration manifestation events in April, 2018. Mikoto identified as a robot, so she got her wish, yet she became part Cybertronian and ended up making a deal with Megatron for revenge against me and the other Chris(t) Chans throughout the Multiverse. She restored the mechs/bots formerly of PVCCitizens into her employ with Megatron's help. As the Prime Timeline continues to restore itself back to where it was and the Dimension Merge completes, Mikoto and her goons make attacks on the city of Cwcville and take advantage of other rift hotspots around the U.S., yet she is always met and countered by the Autobots and Gurardians, as well as the Psychic Squadrons and Sonichus, Rosechus, Metonics, Vamprosas and even other superheroes worldwide. She's out for Prime blood: mine. She will never get it, though, as it is not in her destiny.
Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel)
After Gwenmi Mikoto found anger against Christ Chan from the 1218 Earth half, she vowed revenge and had sided with Megatron and the Decepticons after salvaging the remains of PVCCitizens piloted Punislav, S.A.V. and Crackder robots. The common S.A.V. Decepticlones are utilized for artillery and firepower. They can use their storage space in the back to cart back goods to Mikoto's base.
Crackder (The First)
The longest surviving Crackder from the bunch of Crackders made by Count Graduon and Mary Lee Walsh of PVCCitizens. This one Crackder stood the brunt of the flight capable Autobots, the flight capable Sonichus and Rosechus of Cwcville, including Angelica Rosechu and those on the Psychic Squadron and even Chris Chan Sonichu, herself. This Crackder still has occassional PTSD moments feeling his wing being cut off by Angelica's Holy Steel Wing attack. This one got upgraded by Megatron and his dark leader boss, Gwenmi Mikoto. Crackder got the biggest of upgrades compared to S.A.V. and Punislav (the Firsts), as it is more than obvious. After having been accustomed to being short, he sometimes feels dizzy standing on the ground due to his tall stature. He is also essentially the muscle of the trio. And when someone makes comments of how tall he is, or makes a reference to his physical change, he often takes it personally. His gunpower and flight puts him on par with Wave of the Cwcville Autobots, yet he often falls when one-on-one with even just Wave. Crackder the First is a cut above the Decepticlones under him, yet he could still do better.
Decepticlone Punislav
After Gwenmi Mikoto found anger against Christ Chan from the 1218 Earth half, she vowed revenge and had sided with Megatron and the Decepticons after salvaging the remains of PVCCitizens piloted Punislav, S.A.V. and Crackder robots. The common Punislav Decepticlones are the cutting edge of Mikoto's Decepticlones with their buzzsaw blades. They are equipped with hologram projectors that emit images of Jerkops that scare loving couples and families into fear and embarassment. They were made to wreak havoc.
(Combiner Mode) Excelina
Excelina is able to fill in when one of the Autobots that make up part of Medatron is unavailable. When armed or on foot, she can add a slash with her blades or a shot from her wheel crossbow.
(Autobot) Chris-Chan Prime (Combiner Mode)
Chris-Chan Prime will take part on the battlefield when the urgency is needed, especially to help Medatron wield a bigger blade that puts out the strongest of gale force slashes upon the foes.
Focus
The Renegade, Focus, is the go-to spy of the Renegades, rather it is to get the new plans and details of new tools that the Renegades could use for world dominating intentions, or just to spy on the Guardians and Autobots. Focus is one who also will go into battle in hordes to take down the foes in the name of Cy-Kill and Megatron.
Tork
Tork is a heroic Guradian and a Secret Raider alongside Tri-Trak and Twister. He has a judgmental attitude against those who potentially were looking to sabotage the Guardians and Autobots. Stadfast and strong, Tork will take down a Decepticon and/or Renegade for good.
Stallion
Stallion has a fiercely independent streak, even by Renegade and Decepticon standards. He was often partners with fellow Renegade, Stinger, due to the healthy rivalry between the two. Often on his own, he will contemplate how best to take down those who have given him a hard time. On the battlefield with his fellow Renegades and Decepticons, Stallion will remain focused on the task and battle at hand until his foes are down or the goods have been got.
Sparky
Sparky is a friendly Guardian security officer. In her own words, she's always in the wrong place at the wrong time, an assessment that's hard to argue with. She's raced alongside Turbo and Street Heat to prevent the Renegades from winning and won after standing her ground in a fight. She remains steadfast and focused in her duty and work.
Autobot Soldier Clyde
A simple Autobot soldier  who lost his memory after landing on Earth. He was lost, then he met his human surfer guy ally who called him Clyde, after his old friend. The Autobot liked the name, so he kept it and his (Chevrolet) Aveo alt mode. He found identity with hearing the news of other Autobots saving the humans from Decepticon attacks. After regaining his memory, he left to join the Cwcville Autobot Team to defend the humans and fight the evil forces with his comrades.
v • d • e
CWC Blog (2024-25)
All Posts
Welcome to Cwclight • Rules on Comments • FAQ, questions frequently asked of me. • Sonichus, Rosechus, and more • Jesus Christ Chan Sonichu Prime • Blake Sonichu • A few previously unanswered questions • Ultra Sonichu • The Autobots of Cwcville • Dimension Merge supplements • The Book of the Dimension Merge • Transformers Legacy United Merge Bios • Random Thoughts (will be updated from time to time) • Prophetic Details
Numbered
2024: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 82025: 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14
See Also
Cwclight • CWC Blog (2009-10)
v • d • e
Transformers
Videos
Misc.
Christian Weston Chandler's FUTURE MESSAGE • Chris Comes Out of the Closet • Son-Chu Review (2024 alternate ending • 2025 revision) • Fan Mail and Cwcville Autobots • Past Ideas Reemerging • Discovering Transformers Legacy United Merged Wave 3 • Transformers Legacy United Merged Reviews -Wave 3 Trailer • Go Transformers - Theme of Transformers of Cwcville - Music Video • PSA: Ignorance Is Truly Bliss Against The Haters And Fakers • How much caffeine has he had with his Energon? • JCWCSP singing Go, Transformers! (Extended Version) • JCWCSP's OLDER Transformers and Gobots Figures For Sale on Cwclight • JCWCSP's older Transformers for sale • Cwclight Reviews Opening Intros with Subtitles
Pmurt Saga
Oh, Wait. I've got one more... • Something Completely Different - A few Transformers Jokes, also anti-Pmurt • Eid, Pmurt, Eid • The Alpha Trion/"Young Warrior" Challenge • Alpha Trion/"Young" warrior challenge explained • The United States of America has NO President or Vice President, Whatsoever • Live Game Stream - C-Log 04142017
Light Powered Cwclight Reviews
Bumba-Lumba • Son-Chu • Silver • Excelina • Prowler • Armoraxe • Punislav the First • Wave • Chapper • Fireshot • Rollout • Medatron • Chris-Chan Prime • S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) the First • Decepticlone Crackder • C-C 82 (Autobot) Chris-Chan Origin Form • Gwenmi Mikoto • Decepticlone S.A.V. (Scoundrel As Vessel) • Crackder the First • Decepticlone Punislav... yay • Combiner Mode Excelina • Combiner Mode Chris-Chan Prime • Punicrackder V plus Music Video (Outtakes) • (Renegade) Focus • Tork • Stallion • Sparky • Autobot Soldier Clyde
Sample Videos
Subtitled Video Sample • Transformers Video Sample • CWC Transformers movie preview
Fandom
People
Chris McFeely • Emgo316 • Jcc2224 • Sentinel Fucked Up Prime
Fan media by Chris
Decepti-Clones • Samurai Pizza Bots (TSSSF pack) • The Autobots of Cwcville • Transformers Legacy United Merged‎ (Bios)
Other
GoBots • Hasbro • Megatron pistol • Optimus Prime
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Transformers_Legacy_United_Merge_Bios&oldid=352761"