Title: Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder Livestreams
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Playing_Twilight_Sparkle%E2%80%99s_Secret_Shipfic_Folder_with_the_New_Sonichu_Deck!
Categories: Videos Christian uploaded to YouTube, Chris-chan videos, 2019
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST!
Between October to December 2019, Chris livestreamed himself playing the fanmade My Little Pony-themed card game Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder. During these streams, he generally plays the game alone, using his own custom cards.
Contents
1 Chris Chan Sonichu plays Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder, Solitaire
1.1 Description
1.2 Transcript
2 Playing Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder with the New Sonichu Deck!
2.1 Description
2.2 Transcript
2.2.1 0:00 to 10:00
2.2.2 44:52 to 55:17
2.2.3 55:16 to 1:05:34
2.2.4 1:05:35 to 1:15:24
2.2.5 1:15:24 to 1:27:02
2.2.6 1:27:02 to 1:36:45
3 Taking TSSSF Product Photos
3.1 Transcript
3.1.1 0:00 to 15:00
3.1.2 15:00 to 29:42
3.1.3 1:09:57 to 1:12:57 Explaining freakout at SNT's fanart
Chris Chan Sonichu plays Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder, Solitaire
Chris Chan Sonichu plays Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder, Solitaire
Click to load content
Direct link
YouTube, archive
Stardate
26 October 2019
Subject Matter
Marketing Marketing Video games Card Games
Performance Style
Tragedy Tragedy
Saga
Business Business
Shirt
The Manchild Meltdown The Manchild Meltdown
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Sonichu Mania Livestream
next Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
Description
Watch the chaos unfold as I personally demonstrate how to play Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder, with the addition of my own first few cards in my expansions and promos so far.
Transcript
This media needs a transcript. Help CWCki by transcribing the content. If the media is too long, transcribe select portions which are funny or informative.
Auto-transcription
Chris: hello everybody this is Christine
Chandler coming to you live from home
with a complicated camera view we're
gonna play a card game on this thing hey
because people are curious they wanna
know we're gonna play Twilight Sparkle's
secret pick folder and not just
with the old core deck which we have all
the cards I hit but with the expansion
packs we have collected so far so among
which included alright so yeah we've got
the could be currently dead guys printed
by the children I could fence a version
1.1 points it's no sup star mayor's
Attack of the Clones the Shiba raw lien
pack last night stitch
TJ poems blue dog starts Royal Academy D
hoodie full art cards and the author
arias art cards as well as I don't have
credit cards you know if these things
come with us I have the cue cards for
the out of ink expansion be a question
of girls horseplay
and Pony Nagi Octavia Magica the
previously released its finishes that we
had out so far plain thing and as will
last a few promo cards in this
action we have also the Arizona slime
expansion pack and massaging oh shoot
Oh Sees pack as well as my three promo
cards so far these are just edges took
me a long time to settle this up you
know just I sort out everything so I can
make sure I had enough sleeves for
everybody I managed time management was
able to get all that so guys this is I
can't work and I'm an offer a bit of
commentary phone oh that's what that
we didn't miss awake so yeah as you
could see I have a few lovely pink boxes
for my secret ship fixed folder cars now
I'm gonna be sorting my son shoot deck
into this into this box later after I'd
get that crate out but we have we have
so far we got all the Pony cards and the
few start cards and this bonnets and
have the going ship cards and this box
were against that it's pollution in a
moment - which reminds me I should
probably bought the new cards so I could
read those for commentary but yeah
nothing to note I definitely appreciate
for the boxes I recommend you all go
with these smaller boxes that came in
the previous packs like you know nice
lay this ultra prism because they had
this Ridge on the inside - the warm ones
for tag-team types they don't hand
awesome yeah those carts out so easy out
of the taller boxes so
put it out there let you know that's my
two cents on that and that's bits you
sense because there's presently no limit
on the number of cards you can have your
duckling playing secret thick
folder you just get if you just count
the diviner to two dividers well that's
how tall this Pony deck is gonna be the
103 notes it's gonna be this big now
that's a mighty meaty sandwich I mean I
don't know if that oh yeah there should
be a limit there's gonna be easier
shuffling look at this you got to divide
you mean if I had if they divide between
me my expansions the other expansions
and the core deck those are the pony
cards yeah you pretty much see you would
have to divide this up and like we're to
care about your other players or your
friend across the table from you just a
shuffles the pony deck I mean I'm just
putting it out there
maybe those from the secret ship thick
community can help me sort this out so I
can put this on me expanded role cards
I'm like I'm assigning those figuring
this out I got a few roles additional
rules and details sorted out that I'm
going to be adding on to the world
course on including the Sonic Youth deck
but for right now I can't I have this
pair that came with the court dr. Harris
pretty much the same details as those
six cards don't stitch will card images
are still for fronting back so I mix
three cards and we're in the original
court deck they just had a little bit
more details looming this is what
compressed it's nice I like that I can
appreciate that
yeah but download from a secret ship
fake website horrible people games they
give it they give us the Oh free cards
so
to do so I just work from that baby I
got I have to fight us on my external
hard drive
don't forget your flash drive don't
forget your eyes drive I mean obviously
unscripted
this is lie I'm not gonna worry about a
script I don't worry about a script but
yeah you good pretty much I'm free
mechanic demonstrate a game of Twilight
Sparkle's secret big folder I'll be
at play solitaire which I case you're
wondering what that was
that's a cat baby our gold cat baby he
has a bit of a nasal problem okay we
taking him to the vet
he's alright okay we're taking care of
him so don't ask about that don't troll
me about that do not tell me about that
nice guess what
that's really all back trolling the
trolls big yeah there so we go back if
you know troll me you patrol me for
years
maybe aside from that time I'm gonna go
over the just the cards pretty much the
title card so everyone can reference you
pretty much use this is your how-to
video so
so I essentially have the start card
which when you stop when you set up a
game of secret ship big folder but these
have one start card you pick wine and
put in the center of the table which
obviously want to like card side like a
card table or a moderate-sized round
tables on us
everybody can at least reach into the
center of the table arm's length and I
mean obviously going to secret shipping
folder website for figuring out what's
on the card but essentially there's the
gender of the individual that's the race
eater unicorn Pegasus earth or alicorn
wait a minute that's in one instance and
those the keywords you can even have a
racial keyword like I know I had a
keyword like unicorn
oh I'm like a unicorn the key word
unicorn I'm an earth pony
that's called a unicorn and of course so
you got your talk about the power and
effect that's yeah every start car is
gonna be your place in the center to see
what start again can under move to
remove from the grid power cannot be
copied though it can't be moved by other
cart effects and how much somebody
wonderfully one card definitely specify
bring in a second start card pushing
though everybody put done punch in their
own start cards so it's a good thing to
do is like give me a big competition
between fanfic authors in this thing man
anyway can a pony card so how much the
same thing is that these have the
effects and of course everything on the
bottom these small words on the bottom
that's the flavored sets pretty much
tells the story of the situation in that
card for example and alright and these
aren't the ship cards you have them with
effects and then without effect so
which knows Kate in this case it's just
a basic ship but you could but we've got
a special one there's an effect that
goes into play
and which in that case you going between
the two Pony carts but starting from the
start card and that's pretty much the
situation of playing between two point
cards are the one start carding and the
initial thing anyway so it's like okay
so Oh are there Twilight a dying wish to
bring Violetta into play that's an
example of shipping in this game and the
gold cards I'm glad just pretty much
take my chrome acardo's in that sample
that's lovely full art right there
I'm surprised myself just you know I
still read the flavor text in this
essentially this is where you know
minimum of ten sign shoes and or Rose
shoes with the OC keyword and Christian
on the grid at the same time three
points and a person who gets to achieve
disco increases their hand signs by one
just why not three where that's one
example there's other ones like mmm you
can win this goal after collecting
another goal and then increase your hand
by one up back to that when just go buy
a pony car a definitive keyword is
discarded from the grid and that's just
oh okay I love this one shipping a horse
famous for the sign she famous mainly me
oh well there's lots of Twilight
Sparkle's in the cortex so essentially
there is no crime in me having multiple
versions or myself or more than one
magic chance sonnet you in the side to
deck and the expansions and all that
sort so
I'm pretty much done I should
demonstrate how to play and I'll talk as
we go along so first up I'm gonna just
put everybody together so good start
playing I'm gonna start by shuffling the
gold decks together to smart you don't
need to shuffle the start date many
start cards do not need to be shuffle
cuz you don't technically do often start
cards in this game but pretty much me at
least most like of start cards but if
they're just kind of set those decide
for there's a reason I have this box
still right here I'll get to that in a
moment I'll show ya I'll just save right
now pretty much make concerning signs
the pony deck and pretty much gonna be
storing that in here as opposed to
direct horse vertical stacking like that
like that's tall
anyway nice to having sleeves nice to
have a bunch of the matching sleet or so
yeah I know it's thinner if you don't
have to sneeze but hey it's not I like
the play this is one way of doing it and
it's a good way of doing it so all right
well there's the deck of go cards with
Kazaam on the back and get to set up
shuffling the ship deck all these cards
together you can watch me shuffle you
watching me
Christian sunshade shuffling des has
wine nuts it's good it's awesome have
fun but these out here because whatever
it's something free go Sonos we often
look at her we have a sizing to do the
other artists that have made expansion
packs
just do not troll them no spoiling
allowed haters you can squirrel your
hate and I'm not reading your comments
either so I mean but then the camera is
and why am i I've got to read from the
opposite side on that side so you're
falling on deaf ears or hater comments
but still sitting up okay Pokemon from
TC cheaper a long time there gonna be a
limit how many cars core deck cares like
65 Pony cards 55 ship cars 41 goal cards
my dad's gonna ask you more pony cart
still have like 68 I'm just putting it
out there let y'all know huh shuffling
the shuffling my expansions into the
core deck has combinations of all the
other expansions I've collected so far
this is fun food abyss now there is your
meeting right there are shuffling
monster sized meaty decks together oh
this is why you have limits on deck so
fun yeah this should be covered in the
rule cards as well take comments on when
the official people on me Heights boater
offense I just cut this court slippery
when wet
oh and that's a good reason to wear
clothes so you don't cut your finger you
don't cut your hands while you're doing
this work
hmm
that cooked bring in the other
expansions I already did but just
shuffling around here so this is pretty
much down onto this and it's a good
thing
give this a cut and now here comes
Godzilla and Mechagodzilla
[Applause]
I heard something failed there that was
easy
Oh
and rule covers sort themselves you know
this sound the way
yeah
hmm just get the backhoe right and I
hear somebody commenting there that's
cut he can't stand the test of time
yeah it's easier just to yeah that works
there
see the box huh yeah that was fun all
right so let's step for love beginning
solitaire style because typically this
is played with more than one player but
I've learned and practiced that can be
played solitaire just by yourself so
yeah we separate shuffle of the three
decks between Pony ship and goals and we
take three gold cards and put them face
up so initially our three goals are and
that's generation is it's what you
achieve it when Twilight Sparkle is
shipped with any alternate timeline
homie and then friendship is leadership
which assists ponies with the main six
key worships in the chain this goes
where four points if no pony is a
different version of a nerve pony in the
chain and then just as permanent witness
go wooden
Rainbow Dash is shipped with three girls
anyway those just stay off to the side
there and those will be attainable as
the game progresses alright so yeah
we're starting to put we put a
start card the center and the other
start cards here
and do you H player a hand up one two
three four Connie cards
one two three cards more pony three
ships so the game starts up from the
left going clock going clockwise
starting from the left side of the
dealer or otherwise just the person that
didn't deal oh and the objective while
playing this game you will construct
elaborate floats are relationships
between Twilight or whoever the start
Pony is and everybody else
completing competing to bend those
relationships in the shape of 2004 the
fanfic portage go you learned the number
of points turned by the difficulty of
that go you're going up to three players
you point out so you have eleven until
the first player to gets 11 points or
giving more to four players for more
players you and it goes up to nine
points so yeah i'ma turn each turn
precedes a swamp
play at least one card for your hand and
at the end of your turn draw up to D up
to our discard down to your hand let me
which is usually so it in any
combination of ships and ponies let's
make drawing before looking at down if
you want amigos turn over new ones you
progressed so I will shoot I will show
my initial hand so initially we have
these cards so that's the first hand for
this solitaire game it's a good mix up
funny but I mean with that
3:06 treats such a little o'seas
here and a pony but it's gonna miss so
alright so here's how this pretty much
goes so we have two basic shift cards
and we have a shift car with the effect
of a special keyword change where both
pony cars touch the ship game day
eq g or Equestria girls key word to the
end of the Turnus when you pushed your
girls horseplay so now let's do that
just to show you and effect so perfect
neighborhood beat is getting some
neighbour adjustments with Violetta and
now that's another thing about these
effects I'll just read that about
shipping power pony power so yes
essentially the ship on your slide the
ship card halfway beneath the pony cart
already a good place to fight on top of
the exposed have big no space between
them to show there's a shoot carpet to
meet beneath the pony can have four
ships attached to it above left right
below my pony powers activates and
evening after is added to the grid from
the players stand the exception is any
car that says well this cart is still in
your hand upon his card can also affect
itself and those otherwise stated and of
course they shipped I'm working don't go
in the bedroom
don't do that mom that one I'm doing
this removal this
our difficulty okay so two point Carson
are adjacent but not connected by
car not consider but sliding your
car between them is the other play
but we'll get to that another time
alright so anyway we take you to effect
the effect so now let's the status at
unless it doesn't say buddy you may if
you can take that isn't as you must it
has to happen so we pretty much now both
of these cars have the eqg keyword until
the end of this turn now but this won't
know what this one is another keyword
change so when I attached his cards the
grid I'm a had the hero keyword to the
pony cart or all Pony cards shipped with
this card until the end of the turn so
that's essentially not counting this one
so now hoofbeats here is a hero so we
got two Equestria girls this one's a
hero and that's until the end of the end
of this turn
[Music]
all right so we do a basic ship for next
example we'll put a ring on it
between Violetta and DJ poems and I was
psyched now it's like this is a you may
option so I don't have to do this I was
essentially I can take it power so many
honey card on the grid except for those
that cannot be copy and you say effort
and use that for this thing's power
except for point cards with a changeling
keyword can't use those hours or effects
as fanfic card sir hoofbeats has read
that in the book once great read that
the book once about ready and it's like
now i'm a shift up the street honey
cards in the grid so it's like I can
just swap these three around yeah over
there she's over here and she's over
there
that's a three-way ship three ways swamp
alright so now Romeo's effect is
essentially replace so why it's in my
hand i discard it I can just card it pop
I'm a pint this got a card from the grid
played his cart in its place so sorry TJ
posts we just somebody out God this
struggle friendship well there's a pony
discard pile
[Music]
alright so now that there's no cards in
my hand pretty much into my turn so now
I can draw up to seven cards to make
combination for the ship and or the pony
pile I'm gonna take three
arts there for ship cards and in return
all key word changes are nullified not a
question of girls see what I kept her
keyword on that into the end of the turn
and if he's no longer a hero now let's
look at the next hand here and let's
turn or you know if there was like a
player be their turn so essentially I
think player to my turn I got a basic
ship and to look I have two basic ships
and two low poisons all right this is my
hand recently let you off with a be
bubbly blow the art on all that anybody
recognizes it's good my prison hand
right now
all right so hmm to not poison 2:36 well
anyway let's do this
hoofbeats is trading up for pudding Lyra
and pretty much I may draw a car for
Nepal your ship KITT ship deck so I draw
Pony deck now your Pegasus changeling
boy okay let's do a shotgun wedding now
between Romeo sturdy what can I say my
enough narshall let's build it better
and swap a goal out so we've got a
discard one goal card and replace that
with a new goal the award for we must go
when you play a ship between anypony
with the OC keyword and anypony without
the OC keyword now there is a ruling
about this in the rule cards okay
completing uncle if the gold cards
conditions are already met with his drug
then that go-kart goes to the final
Ecotec and image structures replace it
but this can happen again cuz we have
plenty of Oh seeds and 9o season this
dick so pretty much believe that out
there otherwise the instant of those
conditions are met that goal is achieved
this can be in four point powers
activate or after but not during when
the goal is achieved the current player
at Quantico but played on
table in front of them face up a pony's
card counts towards achievement goal if
the cards name symbols you know I'm just
going to back for ultimate timeline
thing and or keywords match the
requirements for that goal hmm
now we did that this will be kind of an
easy win I do believe so let's do this
I'm gonna say we have an odyssey
oppression that's a love poison that
which means to sit playing this ship
with a pony card from my hand or
connecting to pony carts and I quit like
I could have slipped that between these
two or been a better point no new condom
no new Pony carts little bit and put
into play just shipping those two
together by themselves anyway so but
it's simply this ship where the pony car
my feet are connecting two pint cards
already on the shipping grid I might
take a point card from elsewhere on the
grid and then reattach it house we don't
like this ship and that card's power
activates okay now this is where things
can get another idiom an iced tea I'm
good move right over there I kind of I'm
not gonna activate her effect I'm not
going
just I'm not going to do that but
essentially what we just did we broke up
two ships because there's no way
attached to this ship so she's not
attached to anybody and neither of these
abyss and a longer applicable so they
bought a discard pile
all right
and then we'll do a dream crashing we'll
do that between putting the wire up you
know I'm not gonna do anybody for my
hand but we'll put a nightmare that he
brought he brought changeling with them
a Pegasus changed me so a changeling
comes onto the grid or is moved
elsewhere it gives the name symbols and
keywords of any single Pegasus and my
choice I'm gonna say guessing from
either for my hand or feel prison that
you son we could say this is that
Pegasus over there sturdy so I'm just
being like that until the end of the
turn is power off so at the basement
parties move to a new place in the grid
you need the other card saying would not
dip we just quick change thing on the
grid that's it I'm gonna have one Pony
carb lift but I could achieve to go I
didn't think of it
and I'm just having fun here come on I
don't sound fun here anyway so my turn
so draw some more cards I draw three 20
cards and three ships
all right take loose all keyword effects
and that sort next turn alright so this
time we have two basic shift cards you
know what I could have done there I
could shift the changeling with this OC
and one that goal was that's my mistake
like I still make up worth this term
mm-hmm I didn't know what to think about
that and we have two basic shifts we
have a gender change and booty - TB Tom
we still have no luck so I'm essentially
this is just a blank Pegasus changeling
now
so let's do this now we're gonna say
great boy she's got to stop meeting
Octavia like this so now what this
happened in this instance we shipped a
regular I know I know seat with an OC so
now we gain to go we just put that in
front of us the flare and now I have one
point out of 11 it's not cheating when
this go with Twilight Sparkle a ship
with any shining armor horse famous
meets aren't you famous first time first
one my card my ship gets play now
there's a piece of my arse on the deal
works not a piece of my art on this game
it's been everybody else's no gold card
yeah we'll see how this plays out
[Music]
okay well I'll say what here comes Tom
replace your plates just know what that
does
I can't do this just because like
somehow the rock get sick with a
life-threatening illness and guess who
comes around-- you know love those two
okay no everyone just full of that so if
it ships with an object she shipped with
an object that card gains the special
keyword as long as this shipped with
this part so pretty much as long as it
remains shipped with no it up at this
point lists until she's moved to the
metal object
this thing is special this is a special
rock dude that's like lady do that
between hoofbeats and pretty dense so
first up the gender of change of
beverage when I attach it to the grid I
might choose one Pony car attached to
this ship until the pony car that car
becomes a business dinner so what dudes
a lady dudes of lady know who - so I may
draw a card from the shipper point deck
all right so in my turn and keyword
changes are known boy that's it for this
one it's Stella special rock
this special rock it's known that take
take to pony cards and warship cards
all right this time we have two more
basic cards we have one love
questions and special none of these
people need gourd
all right so fair apply now dear okay
well I'm going to split a ship car
between booty - and Tom so now those two
are shipped together
[Music]
it still fits practice so I could still
I'm gonna join that so all right let's
do this so she felt so hoodie - fell in
love with some hot girl this thing
so essentially touch this part to agree
that she was one point car touch this
today a mentor-mentee time between
a female earth pony and gains the
Octavia you were alright so there's that
why not then I say why not
and get all my stuff here
I'm gonna be clear about all right okay
Louie - no kiss timber and Bruce aren't
you now this was a special effect which
any and all pony carts with the billing
keyword shipped with this car it's a
changeling keyword so essentially
they're just changed things into them so
essentially just now thank you know
anybody said we heard get that wrong
they've gone shake the hurt get the raw
end of the deal okay now I think people
can I can appreciate this we say nothing
there's no they have nothing in common
but it's perfect anyway the honey - like
Pegasus and we don't have rainbow dash
and therefore experiment
well if you need a race so does this
effect still can't so one two three
girls we just earned just experimenting
now have three points up eleven now a
new go car gets drawn into its place
okay it's not evil woman's go when you
break up they wake up shining on
with any female except Twilight Sparkle
[Music]
I'm taking and checking the grid now um
okay
let me say sorted the sort of seduction
it's a love portion but I'm not going to
use its effect up again hoodie Twilight
and has a copy of beauty so I can copy
somebody else in the grid like I'm
gonna copy hoodie Lyra and drop on the
ship
okay and our gonna say Twilight so this
flourish ina dream never say why not hmm
in a turn so the basic three ponies and
four ships
anyway three pines for ships
yeah okay now final we can have another
piece of my artwork on the grid
it could be incoming 10,000 to basic
ships
I love poison a keyword change and these
three Pony in these three cards to their
mean back up
he just haunted through televised
stairways
[Music]
option
okay do something let's do this I'm
gonna say sort of shy came in and
brought em bring Big Mac together
now this one is a keyword change it's
like I can choose a funny part today end
of my turn that plank needs a cure to my
choice except for Pony name so let's say
this Big Mac is a villain to the end of
the turn so now with the grid still
now's your technicality right there to
think over
so things just I'm just a Buddha no yep
okay now let's have some crazy fun crazy
fun
okay so there's a pig pal relationship
between dirty Octavia bon shotgun door
oh this is gonna be crazy so let me do
when this card is played on the grid
choose up to three other twenty cards on
the grid each point card and one ship
and one attached ship card must be moved
and attached to Octavia Vaughn second
office
[Music]
yeah why don't this do this all right
nicely boy if this were an official game
I could take you in I mean because I
could attach that to hoodie Twilight and
gain that go we're just having fun here
anyway
essentially no ships there and what's
gone but technically still ship with
Lyla and I'm still ship they're there so
they stay on the grid then you ships
these ponies kind of just card file
yeah crazy client if I was not playing
but it gets them hurt Blaire
okay my now we're gonna say there was a
bad jump on competition between amber
and right you now poor TV
okay now let's say there was a hard Oh
nurse should car I overlooked let's say
there's a holiday vacation between
hoofbeats Eddie Choo
so I know at least want to party cards
on the grill
[Music]
well let's do that my man because they
were swamped I could it be activates a
new goal is displaying flurry okay
here's an epidemic when this going to
fight to love potions in one turn enough
to look poisons short on cancer in my
turn let's do three cards apiece mister
three of each
that's under this crazy foot gonna do
this with your friends there's nothing
to hate about this okay so
[Music]
[Music]
okay yes yes now I see an opportunity I
can do now you can see my brain at work
now it's saying we do a crossover thick
which allows us to play from discard I
get to choose and play Oh play the top
card to find this card I with this ship
it's all good bring tea back and that
ship there Oh wanted teach you do last
night with sour sweet I can swap two
party cards of the shipping red
we're stopping pretty - with tabi
let's do this I'm gonna say there was a
locker roller thing between sturdy and
Fontbonne dog car there's not wine
of mine here's my drawing of mine let's
do this I'm gonna say Oh what is this
that's so special
what's this I found a special emergency
broadcast alert there's a missing child
just inducted earlier this week they're
just so very nearby that's still crying
on the airwaves that's what that Nueces
down
no way I could yeah
I'm still learning I'm still thinking
this is why you play solitaire oh why do
you do this with your suede this is how
you practice with yourself for yourself
so you can play with others alright
anyway this time it turns over for ship
cards in three pony cars okay we finally
have a shining armor
yeah rare him Chabal let's see Oh
something up I love that card so cute
alright okay we have three basic ships
ah
well
let's say he was helping out big sis you
mean saved us from looking dog
no there was a girl where to tabes
worshiped me an young-hee
camera say say they met then set to for
a restaurant play - and ship off so
we'll do a new goal I mean optimistic
for this song I don't want to give this
up Solis I don't want to give it up no I
don't want to give it up because their
cards available to have the hashtag work
that horse famous that's this guy that's
a horse famous no I think but I guess
the sake of it all I'm gonna okay I'm
just going to pinkie pie's are shipped
together
look you know what I tell you takes you
on top there at it yeah I'm gonna give
what are they getting again he's missing
around Little Rock
man I'm just say there was an
archaeological expedition between Big
Mac and sturdy
ah
so that was between next she goes
between those two those between those
two men and this is between
all right
Oh Connie I'm gonna call Youm we're
playing now there's a selfie out between
shitball and what a rarity so now stop
me up I love this when you attach the
card to grip until the end of my turn
both point cards tension ship game meat
special Oh see I'm gonna vote game hero
so now that's a special host sea hero I
thought aren t just became a special OC
hero until the end of the turn
okay
not how good swap these two yeah I'm
gonna have to make that goal know that
swap
okay third - room with NASA ships with
an object it can happen it can still
happen for party cards and to ships
I have three basic ships but there's
another piece of my arms well then we
have these four
okay
penpals near like totally
now going with pink punk kids neck
butter day swap to pony cars
yeah now we have right with this
for them up yet so that's two points now
we have five points off eleven and in
that swamp I can have to make this
[Music]
okay okay here we go
do you need more lesbians I'm just going
to play three female on female ships in
the turn
let's do this nightmare moon comes and
replaces teddy choo
so essentially I think we just played to
be now ships move one more to make the
school happy
a big poetry night
three
a male-female ships in one turn so
now we have
six points out of 11
me nice punch when this going night
stitch you ship with any Pony with the
object keyword and it gets one two cards
these two
[Music]
regardless dr. Gertz
alright well let's say boo was bearish
drop that's a play from discard it's hot
car no you shouldn't you would not do
any swapping at this point
okay
there's a booze new waifu this mean
grumpy Gilda the new goal we must go in
twice Park was shipped with an insta
Cora Grey was like it was Hilo at home
alright let's see hmm
okay well especially what happened if it
was in my hand I can just coconut
discard it any spike card from the grab
and play this card into place but there
didn't happen itself now get over there
and do something in my turn that's still
a special rock
yes yes yes yes rightfully so I take
3:23 cars pony cars
okay we got two basic ships there's your
cleansing reins and took out a bunch of
my manipulative swine and for pony cards
roaster featuring the roast Judas and
the retina partially holographics why
why go
okay well yes I
things got a little lewd and she just
came and replaced Tom special rock is
gone she destroyed it she destroyed a
special rock smash
who else it was a fat pint wedding
between Rayburn and Snoke you do a new
sari
maybe not there's throwing this ship
this ruthless trip minutes gone when you
break up princess Mia and cook solo to
specific because we're so low
we would say amber fights crying with
Kephart
Kepler and he is a copy so let's use
that to new goal that's on the grid okay
I'm just going when you play three male
on male ships in turn think of a pawn
sit you know must save one card let's
take three ponies and two ships next
turn
mm-hmm
okay let's see what we can do here
[Music]
no Sophia there's a cat Sophia
you can see how big this shipping grid
can get and this is why you need a card
table you know where the center point is
an Argentine arms-length
[Music]
okay let's say
[Music]
[Music]
my boy somebody became a princess the
Wonderbolts right into the camera
oh good so I'm not gonna activate that
effect and this pecan is male/female for
all-girls ships and powers so there's
that
all right there was some Clint and they
made some cleansing rings that summon
shining armor so I would say that's
pretty much one male-on-male ship
you wanna swap Russians
which two ponies the Metro Bart or three
ponies
Oh
please me Nicky oh let's do this
your French clothes anymore okay nice
to the rock
hmm just for a trivial important st.
Claire replaces Big Mac
so return three of each three shapes and
three ponies Horace you go
[Music]
you know from side to side there's no
duty to dazzlings
my little sister 3-nothing sorry my
blisters horn might be a different race
[Music]
that's why I have to gender changes and
always change for shipping cards
hmm
hmm
listen work alright let's say there was
a rule assist III between Shabbat and
study flare Knight Joseph are now she
dude she's dude so we just played one me
all-male
I'm speaking this is much steaming face
one way our mail ship
[Music]
now it's I'm going to say that a horndog
lies between Romeo and hoofbeats I got
back to make a nice change
they're both still earth ponies
yes
do this can I tell you a secret married
if you marry big t2 will say their duty
to as I do but that gender changed so
that means our third male on male swaps
about became this point we gained this
car now we have eight points five eleven
and then I'm gonna draw arm from the
shipper point
all right let's do this then I'm gonna
say move on feeling a crush with we will
Boris it's in that three-way swap I got
swept up to three cards and the grid
we must go when to Applejack's are
shipped together
[Music]
okay they're right there
that's Lucy
well a regular nurse not write a novel
ooh seems nice swapping around I can
activate this effect
hello see stay off the table I'm gonna
see not the table
thank you
okay
yeah Oni go to my room for is too
and most the other Mariners ship the
dazzlings
my turn gotta Beach
I have three basic ships these probably
cards
the grid fluid filling up I am I got a
breakup ship somewhere in order to clear
some space at one point to change things
this is a fun game look at this this is
some fun I have nothing to say Sartre
great sour-sweet founded tensions shared
attention time okay I'm just going in
email and shipped with three other males
they couldn't happen again
well let's say quinoa Crusaders match
make this Luna the queen chrysalis
yeah that's two diamonds
oh I know let's do it taco taco tuesday
bitch
and they don't go wanna join it with
pudding Pinkie Pie three-way I
could swap any ponies in the you just
been shipped with three dudes
oh well swear I'm not good not good then
I still I see here that's another point
Long Legs
alright so that's three plus it's we
have nine points two points for the win
there's one car that to me
we go
the last eyewitness gold when you win
the game when you when you achieve this
goal start your next game but this goes
you're near achieve goals yeah I not
dare say my starship cars I'm gonna take
four ships and two ponies
okay now two basic ships yes there's
your pretty one
hmm gender change in step earth
changeling now we have chips and seal
they're flourishing
Oh sailor there's a wine
oh well why not nice not you have you
met my friend Oh sailor you go yeah took
about trip sea or out Wow okay I'm on
very specific windows go with finally
buy old and deep digger or shipped
together it goes where four points of
the ship carve uses batpony wedding
that's 10 million here somewhere
okay let's it was a beach episode
between Teddy Chu near the earth changed
me let's just say that is now let's just
say that's not farm boy
takes you shared a tandem bicycle ride
with chips what's essentially now it's a
non-fun also syncs your move to
nightmare moons oops wrong spell between
Lola sour-sweet
if the hand let's draw some more magic
three ships and port ponies
[Music]
you know play from discard we have a
ginger team yeah basic and we have these
ponies there's same things yeah oh yeah
well that and
[Music]
[Music]
hmm
I can't see what let's do a specially
romantic random picnic between Earth
changeling and strong you go
all right we're just going to remove
dashes are shipped together
I have the earth changeling nothing
alicorn dream and this side watch my
head I guess is changeling on
oh yeah that change leggy senators car
well
why should she have a goal right now
call me a fireside swoops in I'll kill
that then we'll just slip
Twilight Sparkle with an alternate
timeline pony so I'm gonna point 4 plus
6 10 we are one point away completing ok
when is going to ponies with a
changeling key word are shipped together
baby it still happened
it still happened
strongest journal first darling
confession from cook then say for the
copy we're gonna swap to Bunnings Queen
has been shipped changeling changeling
three points we ended the game with 13
points yeah I watch this there this has
been fun I hope y'all enjoyed this then
y'all can enjoy watching it over and
over again
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious-ly
large pony deck I'll get to you in a
moment mom I love you and I love you all
be safe see you next time all right.
Playing Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder with the New Sonichu Deck!
Playing Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder with the New Sonichu Deck!
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
26 November 2019
Subject Matter
Video games Card Games Marketing Marketing
Performance Style
Crazy Crazy
Saga
Business Business
Shirt
"World's Okay-est Runner"
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
next Taking TSSSF Product Photos
Description
The TSSSF Sonichu Deck and Expansion Packs can purchased at the link, below.
And each first time purchase receives the set of 18 Promo Cards.
Mimimum $100 purchase customers get a bonus Expansion Pack that is not in their cart (Random Selected).
And everyone who buys it all in one purchase, gets a Bonus Rigid Box to store them all in.
And the cards are coming soon to other online TSSSF CCG sellers, and Vendors at Conventions, includi [sic]
BABSCon.
Transcript
0:00 to 10:00
Transcript
[The video opens with Chris not to be seen, but showing a table atop which are scattered a colourful array: a fan drawing of CWC Psychlight, the tomgirl and homos' flags and a large stack of TSSSF cards.]
Dah... Hello, e'rybody in YouTube Land, [Chris extends his hand, making a peace sign as an anime-inspired greeting.] this is Christine Chandler [he makes a thumbs-up] cummintoyulaivfruhome, once! again, and today, 'inally, [squealing, waving his hand about] finally! finally, goming in the mayil! wi' my capy of da DECK! [He picks up and displays his Sonichu expansion pack from the table, holding it to the camera.] The deck! And, ah, it's lovely and awesome! Zap'fyl glo-ry! So here's the bumps [box], look at this box! It's a luvvely, lovely [lowering his pitch notably]
box. Ny'aand, you know, there's the tup, there's the bottom. Ya know, I'll hold dat so y'all can read that. The back. And the side. When this video is fully uploaded, I'll fut a link to where you can buy this one, and the expansion packs for it that I have personally put together and assembled! Eshaw, le' m' sh' y' [let me show you] QR code oble-for Secret Shipfic boar [for] in-fo-may-shin, if you cay-rrr. Ha ha...
Ah, so, yeah, and even with isn't quite to compare, so here it is with... the, original, core deck botsss. Eh, it's rutly the same wit, unless you're talkin' about ta card widths, [he presses the boxes together, top down, to show what he means]... hm, it's de'initly thinner. Hm. Okay. Orientation... But there's a top, y' can see the backs together! Th' sides... And! bottoms. An' that's basically it for! The pac-ka-ging.
[Chris steps away; his voice becomes muffled.] So let's go over... what is included with this. Thiss-th-s, the, Sonichu deck here includes 172 pawsome cards. [He picks up another pile of cards from the table to display them.] An' you don' jus' get one! You get four... starrrt cards. [Chris unfolds the four starter cards to show..] Because we get to bring in more! start cards, CARRDS onto the playing field! in this new set of [growling] awesome loo-ehhhhhdge! Harumph.
[Chris folds and puts the cards back.] Mm... Here's the gold deck, where, the first, you see, OC, is, 'The Deity Is Hard at Work'. [Jingling sounds in the background] I know, but you can still... make out wha' it says in the... thoo- thing. Mememe, for the gold condition, and, you get all these lovely, lovely gold cards with mos'ly my artwork. [He thumbs through the cards.] And, some artwork of others, as well. Various conditions, love this family photo. [Chris stops and turns sideways one of the pictures accompanying his Sonichu Headquarters on Google Maps.] Varminny voices! Epp! Somebody got a headache! Up! [He stops at another card.] There's your best crossover card. OK KO card, which doubles up as a shhhh, a ssh, a shipfic card. Uh... I am not reading your comments, so yer hate is not being heard [warbling falsetto] AT ALLLLL!
[After thumbing through the whole pack, he puts the gold cards down.] And, shipfic, the ship cards star'in' with a lovely li'l picnic, featurin' Night Star and Kun, [sniff] we'll jiz' give ev'ryone a peeek, up' we have in here.... whee... [He thumbs through the next pack.] Introducing the metafixical layve poison! The love poison that, there removes starrt carrds! This is a [warbling] tren' that I'm [screeching] starting! [singing] Greatly, well on... [He stops at a card.] Upp, that's not the one, son of a gun... There we go. Hup, I do like this card, Sonichu versus Rose in a Pokémon card game, and it battles a shipfic card between Magi-Chan and Pokia[?]. Ah, that's more HP than the Wailord/Magicarp tag team! Do well.
[He fishes out the last card in the pile.] Ah, forgot, we gatsta zap ta da extreeeeeeme!
And, lastly, ze pony deck. Dey're in alphabetical order. It's kinda difficult, y'all can see for yaself. [sniff] Alphabetical order by... character name. Up! Commodore [singsongy] cell phone! There's a snow phone in this deck! [falsetto] By da Commodo.
Darkbird's got da power. [blows a raspberry] Jerkops an' janekops... one of which is... merchanical! lookadat fayce! Pfff, it's half metal. [At 5'51", a Liquid Chris card can be seen as Chris thumbs through.] Huh. Pfew. [at a Black Sonichu medallion]. Hey. Nikker. Here's a shoutout to you, maker! Here's yer Nightvee! [talking through teeth] He's a good boy. [About 6'23", Baby walks in from the right. He remains about thirty seconds.] Nyaaa, there's a cat. Boy! He's ow' wi'l Ba-by! Ge' off da table! [More jingling from Baby's collar]
And tha's basic'ly i' for what's in the decks, an' [baby voice] you, bunn'a which...! [Chris picks Baby up from the table and carries him to the sid before sitting at left. His filthy denim skirt is visible for a second before he seats himself at left, with only part of his lead-grey shirt and his right arm visible.]
Hmpf! Well, bein' I don' hafta sweat it, pos, da formness [warmness], uh, this, now! fo dis play-through, we will be only- we will be mainly using, only, what is in the, included in the deck, so there are no expansion packs, including Eunice. Ah, shi, I forgot one more thing that is also included, [Chris reaches behind him, searching for something] all important, e'rybo'y shou' pay lotta attention to da, this included... da, da role cards, front and back,
the old-fashioned way, sits, three, sits, three double-sided cards and expanded rules, including details about the... rule t'ye deck. Wait a minute, is there two cards in dis? [Chris inspects his hards.] Ah, okay, did it... Oh boy...
Derp. [nervous laugh]
Anyway, so, yeah, expanded ruuuules. It's good to solitaire, multi-deck gaaame. And additional details that were not originally covered in the original, set of rules from on-line but there's important details online. An... anatomy! card. Card anatomy? That's...sh-should put on the card a long time agooooo... Aah. Bu' Ah di' it! Gary's speedin' away.
So that is what you get in this wubbly, wubbly deck. You get all dat. [Chris leans on the table, lifting the entire playing field. He grunts and blows another raspberry.] Hmm... Must be here, there....
Okay, so, being we ain't going to concentrate on that, but, maybe I would need an additional one, I'm going to incluuuude, for dis play,
the promo star card of CWC Psychlight. Cuz, y'know, mainly [manually?] shuffling troo the start cards, so... this'd be just one of the additional bonus finally, because amongst the expansion packs,
there's an optional bersion of these with... additional... power abilitiiiies, awailable lon da pre-sale Web site.
But without further ado, let's get to shuff-uh-ling. So we're gonna start by shuffling de gold deck. Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-dee [screeching] I'M NO' REEDING YO CAMMENTS, so [chipmunk falsetto] PHOOEY ON YOU, HATERS! [three-second raspberry] [warbling] Oh, froh! Whoaly! Shyleah. Pfft. Ha ha ha, [raspberry] Yeah, it's a good show, hehehaha, I'll watch all the Shera there has been, it's really good. I wonder when's the next season?
And, going on... [Chris lays out the cards.] (10"00)
44:52 to 55:17
Transcript
So here’s a wild regular Rosechu female, so, yeah, why not, since this is a gender change card we’ll just say the wild Rosechu is male now. (long pause) And I do believe this is a legal play, so we’re gonna say “The Conch That Brought the House Down” happened between the “Red Janekop” and the “Wild Rosechu”, which I do believe in this case means the thunderbolt happens, which “If this card is shipped with “Villain”, you may discard that pony card from the grid…oh, that’s right, play a pony card in its place. Hmm, oh we’ll bring Silvana in. And “Fight Tactics”, so essentially she has the ability of a “Changeling” and some. Hmm, (muttering) oh, let’s just say Silvana is Sonichu Prime there. Now let’s say Zelina comes in with Mystic Archery to take out the Mecha-Jerkop and replace him. And we’ll say “They Met Under the Sea”.
Nyeh, ol’ Helene the Mecha-Jerkop. And my hand is empty, so draw some more cards. I need four Pony and three Ship. Okay. We have Jamsta, there’s another Jerkop, Sandy, there’s Walsh. There’s. Walsh. Inside Technology where he’s literally inside technology. There’s (angry noises) it’s a fuckin’ Bluespike. Fuck da, fuck da, fuck da, MMMMMM! No, no, no. Mm, “Method Acting”. (Chris looks over his cards) Hmm… (continues looking over cards) (muttering) Hmm, do I want to save that for later… Hmm, I’m gonna say the Red Jerkop comes in and replace Zelina. (pause) (weird voice) Hmm, all the Jerkops and Janekops have seemed to be replaced. There shall be no relationship benea – between you, but – between you two in the name of Marjuwanan (???) Walsh.
(pause) Ah, speaking of which, let’s say Red Count Graduon got some Inside Technology tech with Walsh. And her Fantascension (???) any and all Pony cards without the Sonichu and Rosechu keywords on them surrounding this card on the grid gain the Villain keyword. I didn’t mean to knot their ship, so he’s not getting the keyword – he’s not getting the Villain keyword. (sigh, long pause) And we’ll say this Wild Rosechu gets a Method Acting with Sandy. Gender change option, um, eh, let’s leave that for now. So Biggest Dirty Hole (?) search the Ship, er, Pony discard pile for a card of my choice. I’m gonna go for the shit pot. (?)
(long pause) Wow. Okay, let’s bring more fun into this. And Punchy finds the Metaphysical Love Poison and brings Sonichu there. And takes care of this chain. Still… attached. Hmm. (pause) Definitely should’ve put more new goal cards in this. (pause) Eh, let’s do it. Eh, no, let’s not do it, I’m gonna save it for – I’m gonna try it next turn. Alright so, end of turn. I’ll draw… two cards in my hand, so draw three Pony and two Ship. Alright, and in our hand now we have Reldnahc, we have Cerah, Soul of Graduon, The Coming Out Story, (lol) and Blinded by Fate. (Chris considers his options) Alright, Sandy was Blinded by Fate, and Soul of Graduon came in. With a draw effect, so I get to draw a card. (long pause, eerie music is heard in the background (54:30)) This is, yeah I’m gonna go with this. Let’s do this for the final bit. Alright so, Red Jerkop has to hear The Coming Out Story from Reldnahc, which his ability is if he is shipped all around with four other villains, I’m able to put a Pony card and replace these five Pony cards from the grid, at the end of the turn move cards – move to the discard pile.
55:16 to 1:05:34
Transcript
So I’ll just put that there for now. (pauses, looking through cards) Hmm… yeah, Trickery. Oh, well let’s do this then, I’m just gonna go with the Epic Online Bully (hey, that’s us!) and I take a Pony card from the grid and reattach it elsewhere with a Ship. That card power activates at the end of the turn until the Pony card attached to the Ship is discarded or moved from the grid and gains the keyword Villain so moving Punchy. Going with that. So, pretty much with that one move you know what happens? We just reset the grid! And our start card’s not in the center. (Chris removes all but his start card from the table) “Oh no! Oh no! Oh no!” “I’m not in the middle of the table anymore, what am I doing here?”
And I’m counting, and I do believe, yes, we just discarded more than ten Pony cards, so we just earned a Crash n’ Dash Diet. And that’s three points, so now I have five points out of eleven. Let’s go, card. Ok. (grunting card title) Do Not Call Me Gay! Win this goal when three male-male ships have been played in a single turn. I don’t have any Ship cards, so (sigh) time to draw. I’ll take four Ships. Oh, fun time. So we’ve got a Lovely Picnic, got Magi-Chan’s Guidance, we got Watching the Sunset and The Trading Card Game League. Hmm… but first let’s get a few more Ships in. Umm… (looks through cards) Okay, so let’s see, there was a Lovely Picnic between Metal Sonichu and Jamsta.
So I get to search fo—he has a special search that lets you search for up to two Pony cards from either—either of the Ship or Pony deck. (Why would a Pony card be in the Ship deck to begin with?) (Chris searches the decks while mumbling inaudibly) “Wait, they’re losing it! That’s a good-for-call gold deck.” (???) Yeah, sure, let’s go with that. We’ll go with that and the Crossover Tournament. Let’s do that. (weird voice) “Yeah, that’ll do.” Alright, so, the Crossover Tournament between Metal Sonichu and Simonla. So we’ll diiiiiiig deep. (looks through cards. Why are there so many “search the deck” cards? Maybe it’s just me, but that probably isn’t balanced.)
Oh there is another Rosey option in here. (briefly singing to himself) Ah, there we are. And shuffling the deck. Hmm-hm-hm. Alright, there it is. I’m gonna go Sonichu Watches a Sunset with Rosey! So we’re just Shipped the Primes. Activate this goal in my hand—this goal in my achievements. It also allows me to boost my hand size by one for the remainder of the game. So, alright. Full-Volume “Whoaly Crap”. (Apparently the name of the card???) Win this goal when a Pony card is shipped with a Pony card that has its race changed or a keyword added. (high-pitched voice) “Nuhhh! The mega calls Linus! No, no, no!” (???)
(looks at cards) (sigh) Hmm… No, let’s do this, I’m gonna say Rosey found some Guidance with Magi-Chan and share it with a female Sonichu from the wild with a new goal effect, so I get to swap out… I get to discard this goal and put a new one in its place. We’ll put that over there. Alright, Boob Wife (probably not the actual name of the card, but that’s what it sounds like he’s saying. 1:02:12) Could have used this a while ago! Win this goal—I was trying to work up to this, that’s when all those Jerkops and Janekops (slams hand on table) over here-- when at least three Jerkops and/or Janekops in any combination have been moved or discarded from the grid the same turn. I believe there was also one where if they were all shipped in the same— shipped in a chain.
Oh well, aside from that, leeet’s doooo this! (weird voice) The Trading Card Game Leeeeeeeague, so I can bring in a new start card! (high-pitched voice) You’re watching history in the making (normal voice) aaaaas we bring in a new start card. And let’s do this, I’m bringing in the CWC Psychlight. So now we have two start cards. And they both need to remain where they are, even if there are no Ship or Pony cards in between them, which we’ll get to that later on, I feel certain about it.
Oh, our present goal points in case nobody—in case y’all haven’t been counting, we have seven out of eleven right now. And the effect of the CWC Psychlight here. Once returned—when this card is shipped with Chris-Chan, you may draw the top card from either the Ship deck or the Ship discard pile. So your de-- you get a Ship-- Ship card if you ship (sing-songy tone) this CWC Psychlight with me. (slaps leg) (But which version of you, Chris? Any of them?) And I don’t have—this is not a Ship card, this is only a Pony card, so end my turn. Let’s draw three of each.
Heh-heh-heh-heh! Well guess what came from the night? (I think it’s the Gary Stu card? I don’t know. 1:04:00) There’s Vamprosa, there’s a Janekop, there’s a Janekop, (in unidentifiable accent) we’re Zappin’ to the Extreme! And Standing Up to the Bully for Love Poison Medical Recovery. (looks at cards, mumbling to himself) Alright, so (sigh) (continues looking at cards) Let’s do this, I’m taking both these Janekops and replacing the—replacing Jamsta and the wild—Soni—and the. (No, he doesn’t finish this sentence.) “One too late in the love row, Sonichu. No. Nooo!” (?) (looks at cards again) Alright, so let’s say Simonla enjoyed a Medical Recovery and Cerah was there to witness it.
1:05:35 to 1:15:24
Transcript
Now here is where this new mechanic can be very, very interesting indeed. So we’re gonna (“cool” voice) Zap to the Extreme! Between CWC Psychlight and Ms. Vamprosa. And the effects of that Ship card—this particular card is I may discard a Pony card with the Villain keyword from the grid, so we discard this one. Now here is the main mechanic. I mean, there’s no pony card between those, so those are discarded, but on this side of the field we have Ace Darkheart (?) with all of these still linked, and on this side of the field we have this start card with this link. The two start cards can be reconnected, depending on the situation, or depending on how you see it, (in other words: when Chris feels like it) but those – the start cards that come in, they do not move from their personal location, but they can’t be reconnected on the grid.
(long pause) Eeh… enn, alright, so, and when you play a shit – when you play a Ship card you can play it from either start card, so I’m gonna say, oh boy, alright. So CWC Psychlight’s suddenly being bullied, so Simonla comes to the rescue. That’s still – they were – that’s – so there’s no start card, so oof. But like I said, yeah, because we just put Simonla on a square on the shipping grid that’s adjacent to the square that this one is, we can put a Ship card between them, and it’s fair play, then we end up reconnecting every – both portions to the field. So end my turn, I’mma draw a new hand. (slaps cards onto table) Gonna go with four Pony and three Ships.
Mmkay, so here is my counterpart in her Sonichu form, Christine Chan, oh, and there’s Crystal, there’s Sonichu and Rosey, there’s the other Rosey option, could’ve shipped this one with that Sonichu and win that goal earlier. And then there’s the Rosechu Medallion, the Bouquet of Special Roses, I’ve Been Lucid Dreaming, (good for you Chris) and Slipping into a Void. Now here is a technicality, cause you see, this is Christine Chan, not Chris Chan, so if I were to ship this with the CWC Psychlight I would not get the effect of drawing from the Ship deck or discard piles. Just putting it out there. (looks at his cards, mumbling to himself.)
Alright, so let’s – we’ll say for now, the Brown Janekop and Simonla share a Special Bouquet of Roses. And we just re-linked everybody on the shipping grid. (looks at cards) I have a strategy, I don’t want to waste any of my cards right now, so I’m gonna pause, just say end my turn, and draw a Ship card to refresh my hand to the seven. There’s a Classic Fourth Wall Break. (The card art is the page from Sonichu 10 where Chris sticks his head through the comic pages.) “Can we get on with this plot already?” “Alright, alright, I was just telling everybody what’s going on. Sticking my head through the page! Fa-ha!” (looks through cards)
Alright, this is gonna be a messy. This is gonna be messy. (looks through cards for like 30 seconds) Oh well, I’m gonna say it’s not a name. (continues looking through cards, muttering to himself. Hey, if it makes my job easier, I’m not gonna complain.) Okay, let’s say Metal Soni – Meta Sonichu had an act of (active?) Lucid Dream, and he borrowed Rosechu Medallion in a play – he found Rosechu Medallion. And all Pony cards shipped with that one all around gain the Rosechu keyword. But also keyword change, so… I am adding a Rosechu keyword to this, so a Pony card is shipped with a goal – Pony card that had its race changed or keyword added. So that’s eight points out of eleven.
Okay, I’m gonna carry on then. Now… oh, new goal card. Okay, Anniversarious (what) Relationship: when three Male/Female ships have been played in a single turn. (singing in acapella) Happy anniversary! Happy anniversary! Hmm. Okay, but essentially Male/Female, this can count either way, so that’s one Male/Female ship to consider. Hmm. Ah, yeah. Classic Fourth Wall Break. Found Sonichu and Rosey. Counts either way, and I may copy a copyable ability on the grid. I wish to nee—neh—no, wait. But… and then they Slip into a Time Void. They Slip into a Void to rescue Crystalina. And of course that’s female and that counts either way, so yeah. One ship, two ship, three ship, so Happy Anniversary! We now have nine points out of eleven.
1:15:24 to 1:27:02
Transcript
Hmm. Chaotic Rainbow’s Children. Win this goal when there are at least ten Sonichus and/or Rosechus with the Special keyword on the grid. And the goal is worth four points if there are ten Pony cards are each of different names. (sigh) Well since we have that, let’s count so far. So Special Sonichus and Rosechus. Special, Special, Special. That’s one two three. Alright, so we have three out of ten so far. And I don’t have another Ship card, so end my turn. I’ll draw three of each. (briefly sings a tune) Okay, we now have Evachu. Shout out to Lucas, Devil, and Eva. (Those are the Teen Troons, right?)
Ah! The CPU comes into play! And Christine Chan. Oh and I gotta Save the Arts. Ooh, Making the Hall of Fame and (high-pitched screeching) Senpai! What?! No, the flower be angry, but they don’t know… (?) I need to know… (cackles) (looks through cards) Well… Tell you what, let’s have a bit of… Get a bit more fun with this… Crystalina made the Hall of Fame. And I can play another start card on the grid. So let’s bring in my hubby! Calassic. And that is he—his catchphrase. Classic. So now we have three players on the grid. It’s a three-player game! (looks through cards) Hmm, let me see, that makes four Specials now. (pause) She’s like, “Senpai, What?!” And then, guess what? Here’s the—here’s the parent. I’m not sad. This is a good relationship. Heh-heh. Uh yeah, but so, once returned, when this card and this only comes to the fibbling (?) you do the shipping in particular, so this is when I may draw the top card from the Ship deck or the Ship discard pile.
And I’ll draw from the… deck. (looks through cards) Huh. This is Playing Tennis with Magi-Chan. Avachu. Healing Pulse, so I get to draw two cards from the Ship and/or Pony deck. So, yeah, let’s do one of each. (growling) Eggman… Nyeh, door god dear god (???) They fall in love with Zaptina. And you replaced Simonla. No! No. (sighs, looks through cards) Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, I got Save the Arts, I got Save the Arts. Christine Chan’s gonna Save the Arts. And gender-change. So, alright, hell with it, we gonna make male Vamprosa. Think about that for a moment.
And I may swap up to two Pony cards on the shipping grid. Two Pony cards on the shipping grid. (pause) We’ll do… There, now Christine Chan’s shipped with Sonichu, there you go. Eee, hah, she’s doing the Classic Fourth Wall Break with Sonichu now. Just in the book—just like in the book. Hah. That’s funny. (pause) Uh, end my turn here, I’m gonna draw two Ponies and three Ships. Hmm. We got another—we got a Male Rosechu from the wild, Bubbles, Body Switching, I’ll show that off, yes, You’re the Chosen, and Attending Our Own Panel. Eh-heh-heh, yes. This is going to be fun.
Oh, this lovely event actually did happen between Magic—between I and Magi-Chan Sonichu a few months ago if everyone is willing to remember, despite the hateful comments that I am certain are lingering on the text query that I am not reading at all. Hmm. (looks through cards) Hmm. Alright, so let’s do this, so I’m gonna say we did a Body Switch between myself and Bubbles. So firstly body fit (?) we sweep the—swap the positions of two Pony cards attached to the grid, so essentially what happened to Bubbles’ body? (high-pitched voice) “What am I doing here? What am I doing? Why am I a human? Eeeh!” Body swap! That’s step one. Hmm. (looks through cards) Let’s see. The Medallion was found in a Field of Zapbuds by a Rosechu in the wild, and I get to draw a card so I’m drawing from the Pony deck. (looks through cards) Alright, but yeah, essentially I’m just gonna show—I’m just gonna show off this in a what-if scenario, I’m pausing the game for a moment just to show this off.
Okay so, let’s say I played another card that allowed me to swap a Pony card from one place to the other, so I’m gonna say let’s just say I did that over here and moved that over here, and there’s a new one over there, and then I did the same thing over here, so then would swap a Wild Rosechu with Bubbles, now at the end of the turn in this case, with that still in effect, in their present loscations regardless of whether they’ve been switched or not, they would essentially just be swapped in their present positions. (THIS WAS ALL ONE SENTENCE.)
So that’s the explanation behind Body Switching, that card. (Chris, that didn’t explain anything.) (looks through cards) Hmm. I’m gonna, alright so, now let’s bring in some Internet Trolls. I can only play this Ship card if there is a Pony card with the Villain keyword in my hand or on the grid. Now that plays—played with a Villain card from my hand or I may take a Villain card from elsewhere on the grid and reattach it to this Ship. And these two Ship cards go into the discard pile. (looks at cards) Hmm. Let’s see if I—alright, Sonichu and Rosey were at the panel that was, um, attended by Magi-Chan. Cause place on the shipping grid, move a start card, reattach it to this Ship card. So let’s see, who else is still attached to a Ship card on the grid? They are, they are, these aren’t. See you.
1:27:02 to 1:36:45
Transcript
Probably should do a Special count. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Hmm. And that’s it, I’m gonna end the turn and I’m gonna take four Ship cards and one Pony card. Hmm. There’s Devil, there’s Devil. (quickly grumbles) The uncomfortable man. (???) And then, come into my void, oh man, Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Ha! Oh. Waiting In Line, (deep voice) I Am Darkness, and Saving a Foe. (looks through cards) Alright, let’s do this. Where… waiting. Magi-Chan’s Waiting In Line and Christine Chan found him. (looks through cards) Eh, I’m gonna end my turn and take two Pony cards.
Huh. Got Metonic. (nasally voice) I’m A Phone! We got the phone! “Ring-ring hello, ring-ring hello!” “Yes?” “Hello! Hello!” “Hello!” “Hello!” “Hello!” (Random-access humor at its “finest”.) Alright, so Christine Chan Saves a Foe. She saves the Soul of Magi-Chan Sonichu, and she saves him. Hmm. I don’t wanna do that. Don’t wanna do that. Want—I want Sonichu and Rosey to be Saving the Foe—Saving the Foe. And they happen to rescue—they end up rescuing his soul. So essentially that’s a keyword change… Hm. I’m not gonna worry about that. Ugh, I should have worried about that, I could have used it on another card that’s… (looks through cards)
Oh well! Coming up into—coming up from the darkness is… Devil. (looks through cards) How many Special Sonichus and Rosechus? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine. (sigh) Okay. The Soul of Magi-Chan went into the void, and found a phone. Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now? I get to search for a card. (looks through cards) Let’s go with that, yeah. So yes, but I do believe I played three Male on Male ships, so I get this single point, and what does that bring us up to now? Seven, eight, nine, ah. Ten points. Oh boy. (shout-singing?) “You wouldn’t shatter my heart, you wouldn’t shatter my heart, you wouldn’t shatter my heart, (unintelligible screaming)” (sigh) Break up a ship between Chris Chan or Christine Chan and a female individual. (How incredibly specific.) (sigh) And there’s Christine Chandler attached to—shipped with Magi-Chan.
Oh hey, she’s shipped over there, so that’s a possibility. Uh, but I’m more concerned with, ten Sonichu and/or Rosechu, with Special keyword. (sigh) One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Eh. Okay! We just earned the Chaotic Rainbow of Children. Well that’s seven, eight, nine, ten, that’s… thirteen points, cause there are—there’s the same name within that set—in that set, so game over! Would I have been able to do that? Hmm. Yeah, I would not have been able to earn You Wouldn’t Shatter My Heart. But anyways, so, there you go, just plaaaaayed—we just christened the Sonichu deck for Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder.
This is available right now on presale directs from me, and the uh printing website that I’m accompanied with. I have… eh—I have three more expansion packs planned, aside from those that are already available now as listed on the website. (muttering) Eh, may as well put this box here. So I’ll be putting a link in the description below this video so y’all can go check them out for yourselves and the special offer includes when every—everybody makes a purchase on there additionally gets a full set of eighteen promo cards, including this CWC Psychlight. And for those of you who spent a minimum of 100 dollars, (shame on you) on this presale event, will get one of the fifteen-card expansion packs randomly selected depending on what was purchased.
And I don’t have a copy of that big ol’ box myself yet, but if you buy the whole kit n’ kaboodle as it is now or after I have all the expansion packs up and about, I’ll include a big ol’ box—I’ll include lar—long box like this one with a lid, it’s got lovely pictures on it, I’d love to preview it, but like I said, don’t have box printed on hand yet, I’m waiting for it, I have one on order for myself, but that box will be included if you buy the whole… box with the deck and one of each of the expansion packs up to this point, as well as the remaining three expansion packs.
So for this points and uh—eh, hmm, trying to catch up with my thoughts. Okay, so anyway, af—after this, also… (sigh) I’m thinking, my brain is going out of order. Neh. Essentially what’s going to be happening is I’m gonna be talking with vendors and online sellers and to sell Secret Shipfic cards and I’m gonna talk with them and als—then I’ll let them sell my deck and expansion packs between their websites and at conventions, including BABScon, so… That’s it for now, thank you all for watching this lovely bit of chaotic gameplay, y’all take care and see y’all next time. Love and peace! (shuts camera off)
Taking TSSSF Product Photos
Taking TSSSF Product Photos
Click to load content
Search for video
YouTube, archive
Stardate
8 December 2019
Subject Matter
Video games Card Games Marketing Marketing
Performance Style
Reason Reason
Saga
Business Business
Shirt
The Classic 2.0 The Classic 2.0
Other
Live Live
OFFICIAL and HONEST CWC Videos
previous Playing Twilight Sparkle’s Secret Shipfic Folder with the New Sonichu Deck!
next MLP Animation: Discord Meets the Princess Bride
Transcript
0:00 to 15:00
Transcript
[Video begins. The camera is focused on a table holding several boxes full of Chris’s homemade cards and a McCafe cup. Chris walks into shot while speaking, and sits at the table.]
[Sigh] Hello, ever’body, this is Christine Chandler comin’ to ya live from home once again. Today I’m doin’ something completely special, ‘cause I pretty much have enough produts, [he fiddles with the boxes] to actually take, uh, photographs [he leans down so that we can just see the lower half of his face] of, using my second phone. [In a smug, nasal tone of voice] Yeah, I got twooo phones, [he points at the camera], one for da trolls, and one for my, uh--one for my trolls, one for my homes, [he points at the camera again] I got twooo phones. One for da bullies, ‘n one for my friends. Do you think I need two phones? You’re recording me with one, you’re taking pictures with the other one. [Shrilly] I think that’s a pretty good reason! So anyway, let’s go through what I have here. [He picks up one of the boxes, which is marked with a borrowed or stolen fanart of Sonichu on one side and the merging Earths on the other] First off, I show off da bots. Dis is da bots where, er, past established dets and expansion packs will be packaged into when you buy the whole kit ‘n caboodle. Um, of course, well, dis is tak–dis is discounting the Sonichu villains pack--Baby! Don’t mess with that! My cat Baby. {Editor’s note: That is such a lazy fucking name for a cat} Hey! [He leans off camera to grab the cat] Don’t mess with the cable! [In a higher pitch] Don’t mess with the cable! [He picks the cat up and holds it in front of the table for a moment] Yeah, c’mere, buddy. Now it’s a cat video, there’s a cat. [The cat starts wriggling and he lets it go] Awright, let you go. Don’t mess with the cable. I’m recording here! [He gets up and walks away from the table] You mess with the cable, you mess with my power system! [He turns on a faucet offscreen and says something shrill; the running water and his tone largely obscure the words. He returns to the table and sits down with a stress sigh] Now. As I was saying, dis is a lovely custom designed rigid box, and before anybody asks, I gave errybody dis foretaste of de big ol’ world. It’s not a combination of Earth and Saturn, [he begins shuffling through cards] it’s atshually an image for one of the cards from the deck. Of which I shall present to you all once again. Dah-ta-dah, here we are--Hey! [Shrilly] No no no no no no no no! [Thumps something on the table to scare the cat away, shaking the camera slightly. He stress sighs] Kitty-cat messing with da symbols--the cables. [He holds the card up to the camera, showing us the image of the merging Earths] See? Dimension Merge Completion. Dis is essentially an image of myging–da merging of da two Earts between Dimension 1218 and C-197, which is very much happening. [He puts the card back into the deck] And I’m not listening to any hater comments on that. Which, also on that, you know, not reading your comments, but donations are greatly appreciated, thank you very much.
Anyway, so . . . I have my cards so far, and some of which I have printed individually in advance, so . . . [stress sigh] now, back to the bots, back to the bots [he picks up the box again, rotating it as he speaks. He doesn’t seem to notice that it’s mostly out of frame as he does this] There’s one side, and the other side, and anurr side, there’s anurr side, there’s da top, and the bottom’s all black, and you open it up, and I had da dis–I did dis with my . . . kit ‘n caboodle, to figure out how to arrange everything. [He opens the box, revealing it to be stuffed with several smaller card boxes, like an autistic matryoshka] Ta-da! Can fit all the–fit all the deck and etspansion packs in dere, [Baby wanders past at the top of the frame] ‘n which would be arranged carefully. Now doing--d--I do not have the . . . [he picks up some sheets of paper, the first of which bears an advert for the Samurai Pizza Bots expansion] Samurai Pizza Bots etspansion pack yet, though that is completed and a copy of it is on its way, [he sets aside the first sheet and reveals the second, an advert for the Nightvee & The Warriors for Andromeda expansion] aaand I’m still a few cards short of completing Nightvee and the Warriors for Andromeda pack. So–but we do have boxes of which represent--da--represent dose, in de absence of dose atshual botses. [He pulls out one of the smallest card boxes to show us] Cause, you know, de size of de Samurai Pizza Bots bots [he holds up the SPB advert again] is essentially, nyeeh, da size of bots of the Super Mega Forms, or, here [he pries out two other boxes] de Idea Guy Corruptions and de Arizona Slime etspansions. [He returns those boxes and pulls out one of the larger boxes] And of course here’s de deck bots, the ones that [get put box?] will definitely be Nightvee and da Warriors for Andromeda, so that’s–so I got this bots, dis prototype bots for Arizona Slime [shrilly] dey don’t really need it, but oh well, MPC downgraded me from flip-bots to this, but at least dis makes good space-filler to represent dat neck of the woods. And dere’s definitely room for one more thin bots within here, so that’s doable. And [he pulls out another box] de OC bots is a flip-bots. [He pulls out another box, sighing] Da Chris-Chan pack is a flip-bots, and [he pulls out the last two boxes] Sonichu ‘n Rosechu n’ Night Star packs are tuck-botses, though you can tell dat Sonichu ‘n Rosechu pack is thicker ‘cause there’s more cards in there. That’s the choice I had to go with on the web--on de Make Playing Cards, MPC website. And of course there is room in here, round here, for de eighteen promo cards. But also what you can do with this bots aside from storing all your lovely kit ‘n caboodle, a’course . . . [he empties out the storage box, fishes out a huge stack of cards from one of the other boxes on the table, and puts them into the storage box] is store your playing cards in’ere as well, which you can have ‘em like that, though maybe with a cardboard on one side or the other, to make a lil bit higher, maybe use one from one of those Pokemon TCG elite trainer botses, to make do, to essentially have ‘em like that. [He pulls the cards out and puts them back in on their sides] Or simply just . . . put ever’body on their sides, it’s easier when nobody’s in sleeves [he angles the box to show us] but it does well for--even when they are sleeved and . . . [he pushes the lid onto the box] that works well. [Baby and Sylvia tear past the table; the rattling of their bells and tags almost drowns Chris out] So ya got options! And as always, options are what? [He points at the camera] They’re good.
[He reopens the box and takes out the cards] So, anyways, yeah, I had stated on the earlier point, we are doing . . . product photographs, so I’m putting all these botses back in dis bots here. We will not be doing product images for, uh . . . [he holds up the printed adverts again] well, I guess we could since I have these printed out, an’ I only have like a few cards of each pack. Like, I only have two cards out of the Samurai Pizza Bots and I have like Nightvee–n–mm–CPU maker cards for, uh, this pack. [Sighs] I’ll make do. [He sets aside the main box and picks up the three boxes full of cards] But dis is essentially good behind-the-scenes footage, y’all are getting a treat to see, as I take dese product shots for da--de webpage. So as you can tell, in these three botses, which obviously dere, [he picks up one box, puts it back, and picks up another box] let me get this one, dis one actually has writing on it, and Cosmic Eclipse boxes. [He turns the bottom of the box to the camera, revealing that he has repurposed boxes from a Pokemon TCG expansion to store his cards. His name is written in pen beneath the logo] But I wrote--I used a gel pen, marked on the bottom of bots, [he turns the box to show us the other alterations he’s made] da bots tops, and of course I put a card front ‘n back, and I wrote on the inside bots [he shows us the writing: CWC’s Cards I] inside, on the bottom, da side that goes forward. So, for–I’m decently organized, you know, start, pony cards, ship cards, goal cards, just like my regu’ar collection. So, we’ll start, we’ll start by figuring out the arrangement for the deck cards, so, [he starts pulling out deck boxes and cards] we’re gonna need the deck cards, and I’ll definitely note on the prospective webpages that card sleeves will not be included, and I’ll make sure to clear the area. So, ‘n this is definitely a difference here, [he holds up two cards, one of which is apparently a variant version] I mean, you get this card in da deck, but you get this in the etspansion, de Chris-Chan etspansion pack, so, it’s like [shrilly] you buy de etspansion pack, you could easily swap this out for a better–for a better full-art with an additional effect.
So, anyway, [he starts laying cards out and rearranging the table space, setting aside boxes as he goes] so we got that card, we got that card, we got this card, and . . . [we’re getting cards ?] that were in the deck, so we have those four start cards and I have--ever’body else sorted out here, so here’s all the pony cards for the deck . . . [mumbling] ‘n da ship card, more ship cards . . . and here’s all the deck ship cards, ‘n [mumbling] and a’course the goal cards for the deck, so . . . get that out of the way. [Mumbling] And get this out of the way too . . . [more mumbling] Now, well, I wanna focus on the product, because I have watched da commercials over de--I have watched de many, many advertisements over da years an’ . . . you notice I have da two playing mats underneath dese papers, so it’s like to . . . not to focus on any imagery dat’s underneath the product. Oh, I forgot one thing. [He opens up a random box] I ended up with a bunch of extra cards, ‘cause my advance-printed cards, some of them were actually larger than the typical poker size, so I ended up having to do reprints for myself, so . . . on this side I ended up with a tuck-bots versus de default flip-bots for de OC pack. So, nyaah, it was a learning process! Learning process. Gotta love to learn. I likes learning. {Editor’s note: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA} All right, so yeah, I just, I mean--since I don’t wanna unsleeve ever’body, that would be a time-waster, ‘n I wanna make sure de Secret Shipfic Fo’der is talked about . . . so, yeah-g-mm . . . gonna sample one of our start card, [shuffles cards] the kinda thing we I [loudly] n’yeah, dis is anudder prototypical thing I ended up with, [he fans out several cards to show the camera] dese choppy misprints on the back, aside from . . . [he pulls another card out of its sleeve] ‘n actually this’d be a good sample, so . . . so, n’yeah [he holds a card up to the camera] you can tell it’s larger than a typical poker card, so dat was my etsperience. I mean, it may not be as obvious when you’re . . . have ‘em in card sleeves, but . . . when you’re looking at ‘em in a deck perceptive [Editor's note: I assume he meant "perspective"} outside of sleeves, it [shrilly] it does make a difference! [Sighs] Thank you, children of [?] for waking me up to that.
So, anyway, I want a regular start card . . . [mumbling] put these back . . . I want a pony card with a typical back . . . [blows a raspberry and makes some babbling sounds as he fumbles with the cards and boxes] Dis is a learning process I had to go through in figuring all this out for myself ‘n everything. [Sighs] ‘N Magi-Chan was definitely able ta help me through all this, so . . . so muh--many props and thanks to him also. Um, [sighs] dose out of the way, we have our product pony card back, and [mumbles, pulls out more cards] okay, ‘n yeah, this’ll be our product start card, ‘n this’ll be our goal card, ship card, dere. We’re--we just need the backs ‘cause . . . they show the logo ‘n everything, and what’s typical in the pack, and it’s like obvious, if dere’s a start card in da pack, we’ll have da--we’ll have dat back face up. Pack or deck, it’s just, let ever’body know in de advertisements. So, yeah. I took photography in high school, as one of my classes, so I took some good photos. {Editor’s note: No, he did not} So, anyway, let’s figure out our arrangement now, so we got our kit ‘n capoodle [sic], n’ . . . [mumbles while rearranging cards and boxes] all right, gotta figure out good lighting, yeah, deck boxes, yeah, [mumbling] deck boxes to the left, dere’s better lighting from dat side, from my right. So, want to arrange a few select cards, and dat’s anurr thing that you see, we’re gonna be having the three decks back side up, so this’ll definitely be another sleeves-not-included aspect and why . . . we’ll need those sample backs. [One of the cats wanders past and starts scratching itself offscreen, its bell jingling as he talks] This is a process. It’s a good process. Hmm. [He begins laying out the cards] So I’m trying ta--I’m deciding how I want to do this. I mean, yes, could, we could arrange ‘em in a fold like that. [He lays out two rows of cards in a fan shape, one above the other] Wanna just take a few off the top like that. Hm. [He shrugs] It’s a valid presentation, but I feel like we could do better, like . . . let’s make an etsample of the game, right?
15:00 to 29:42
Transcript
So here’s what we’re gonna do. (shuffles cards) We’re goin’ to take a start card, an’ place dat – we’re just gonna do da ship (gestures vaguely), we’re gonna make a – make, make a short shippin’ grid round here, and start cards’ll be – over dare, so I’ll put dat over dare, an’ den we’re gonna say we have da, ship – dat…pony ship an’ pony cards over here, oh I’ll pick a few examples outta dis (flicks through cards), aw, da God-dang, I just knew it – yeah, dare’s OK KO. Let’s Zap It Up…(flicks more purposefully, finds Dimensional Merge card)…yeah, I definitely want dat since we have it on da box, de Dimension Merge Completion, aaaand, hmmmmm….(more flicking)…one more, one more…oh, not good, not good…(music heard faintly as Chris falls silent)…ah, y’know what? – Family Photo. We’ll put dare (places cards), so..now, I’ll be needin’ da whole deck, so I place da goal cards, an’ da – top of da pack, dare (places more cards to his right), now…we’ll s’lect some, pony cards – move dis deck – do a bit o’ – shippin’ around…(more flicking. It’s almost as if he wants to remove any element of surprise and improvisation from this)…hmmmm…yes, let’s put Commodore Phone (yes, indeed, you can bang a mobile phone in this game if your luck’s in)…ummmm…I definitely like to get ME on the grid (places card showing one of his many, many self-surrogates, then MOAR SELECTIVE FLICKING)…let’s have Sonichu an’ Rosey over dare…hmmm. Yeah. Why not…my Dad over dare (lucky Robertchu. You are CHOSEN!!!)…I’m just, collectin’ and pickin’ (no shit, Chris). Hmm. – We’ll put Walsh over dare…ooh. I LOVE Roberta (chuckles) – we’ll put Roberta – uh, we’ll ship ‘er with Robertchu, how about dat…(Velocity of Bob’s spinning body approaches light speed) Dat works! (chuckles) I like dat. Hmmm…we’ll put Medallion over dare. And (more bloody flicking) I fink one more pony card…(long pause. Jingle jangle goes Chris’s cheap jewellery) Hmmmmm…Yeah. Why not? (places card decisively) Asperchu.
So, we have our etsample shippin’ grid, ‘cept with da pony cards we’d like(?), we put sample pony card pack on da deck back (he even appears to be confusing himself here), so, so now we’ll select some ship cards, and…I would like to make an etsample, so we’re gonna have one more start card to dis lot…ermmmmm…(wafts card around vaguely)…we’ll put Night Star over here. So dare’s dat. Down they lay…a-and, because we’re doin’ a second start card, I definitely want to put a (more fucking flicking) play from collection card, ‘cause…I fink dat works, (yells in sudden anger) HEY, BABY! BABY! (lurches out of frame, gut wobbling) BABY! NO! NO! NO! GET AWAY FROM DARE! (sounding amazingly like Cartman as he shoos the poor cat away. There follows what sounds very like something plastic being thrown in Baby’s direction. Sorry to be personal, but fuck you, Chris, you obnoxious manchild.)…Cats, amirite? (Yeah, so much less important than some shitty card game for ree-tards, amirite?) Oh-kaaaaay. TCG Lake(?). Okay, so dose – so dey end up in da card game together. Let’s swap Walsh an’ Night Star, why not, ermmm…den we’ll pick a few other ship cards, ermmm…(placing cards) Lovely Picnic, nice card to coon(?), place it dare…(long pause, more card-flicking and placing)..mmnyep-yep-yeeeaaahhh…hmmmm…so, dey Enjoy Da Concert…(long pause. More treacly light classical music is heard)…hmmm…ah, yeah. Alright. Dey met while waiting in line. (placing cards. ANOTHER long pause.) *stress sigh*
‘Kay, now dese is a whole bunch o’ paper, but I wanna make sure dare’s no distractin’ imagery underneath da cards. Dat’s da, ah, dat’s da point. Okay, now I shuffle dose cards, I’m gonna do Innernet Trolls between da Phone an’ Walsh. (Baby wanders past at a sensible distance, aloof.) Hey, dat works – dey’re infringin’ on da, tryin’ to get into da – technology, dare. (More flicking yet while he mumbles to himself.) Dare! Now we do What Is Dat? Ermmm, I worked in – Roberta and my Dad worked inna Double Teaaam, hmmm, an’…Savin’ De Arts…why not? Errrrr…I’ll do a Bouquet O’ Speshul Roses (chuckling)! Look, aw da hell, I’m tyin’ ‘em inna knot(?). Annnnd….hmmmmm…okay, we’ll see an Anchuent Prophecy party because dey brought da Phone in (whatever you say, Chris). Annnnd…alright, dare’s our shippin’ deck, and dese are our little arrangements of - dis’ll be our – Product Shot. So, I’m gonna take a pikchuh of all dis (picking up camera phone), from da lovely angle of my second phone…make sure it takes a good view…ummm…I’ve done dis…(he finally takes the snap, and thrusts the results into the frame) Ah. Dare. Dat looks pretty good. (No comment.) An’ dat will go on de – pre-sale website, later on. In a, in a little while. (Puts phone down.) Now we have dis pikchuh taken, I’m a just a – put dese all, set dose aside, hmm, hmmm…okay, den, c’mon. Pick up dese – oh, dose are start cards, pony cards on top o’ dose, and I’ll give dis a brief shuffle – annnd, good wi’ da pony cards…back in dare…start cards, I got dem, and well, dey were, I know – what a sensational beast(?)! Okay, dare’s start cards – I got da pony, I got da ship cards, an’ – put ‘em back in da ship deck – just give all dat – a quick shuffle (some 40 seconds have already passed since he first announced this intention)…put dat back…and I wanna work out (picks up cards) which ones I wanna keep. (Chris, you do not understand how shuffling works.)
Ooh…OK KO! Heh, heh. Das right. So…just dare, in da other box, annnnd…(hauls another bloody box of cards onto the table) dat’s it for da deck! Now to work on…we’re doin’ this in chronological order of – of – determine – uh, expansion packs, so – now we’re gonna do, yeah, we’ll do the Slime next, an’ I would like to have a prop, so I’ll use…use…(more box-shifting) dis box, and…(fishes something out of box)…hair not included. How did dat get in dere? So…we’ll put da deck dare, and prop dis (some cards) up against da box, an’ now I’m gonna pick out de cards dat are mainly fum da – from dat particular expansion pack. ‘Cept dare are now only two pony cards in de – in dat pack, an’ I’m now strugglin’ m I l k(?)…ummm…ummm…dare’s a good number o’ ship cards (trivia point – the slushy string music at this point is a cover of Goodbye Yellow Brick Road by Elton John), dey’re pretty much shuffled but dey, dey do y’know have de story on ‘em when you put ‘em in a chronological order, annnd dare’s a few goal cards in here…so…okay, dat’s da goal cards. (Moves boxes off of table.)
Now, we only – we’re only gonna focus on da cards dat are incluuuded with da expansion pack – dare’s no start cards in dis pack so in our sampler we’re not gonna include dat one (discards card). Now, let’s see, we’re gonna try to make up a simple, short grid with – what we have here – an’ what I have in mind, I’ll simply just orange strawberry m I l k token ex-barrier of protection(?) – of course, dat’ll actually prevent two pony, two cards from bein’ discarded, an’ dat now, I’ll see what I can figure out appropriate goal card (yet more flicking, incoherent rule-mumblings)…oh well, I’m just goin’ to say let’s pretend we have – doin’ a trick, doin’ a self-so set-up of cards right dare, I’ll just sit dose right dare, an’…mmmm…oh, I didn’t wanna do a sample, oh, what, you know what, let’s just arrange dis all – let’s just put all de – all cards together on dere (even he sounds depressed by how much fun he’s having). An’ den like dis, an’ den dare, an’ say dat’s it! Dat’s an example of a sheer pan (shipping?). Now we’ll just see here with all de other ship cards in da pack, an’ yeah let’s move dese closer to da boxes…make sure nothin’ is tucked underneath our paper, alright. (Picks up camera phone) Alright, dat actually does look good, ‘cept – for….(Lays out three more cards) Dare. Dat shows dat we only have pony, ship an’ goal cards in dis particular pack. So now, we’re takin’ de lovely picture of all dis…mmmm….ahhhhh….mmmmm. Try to figure dis out. Mmm…mmmm…feels like it’s a bit too…yeah, feels like I want de – dare’s da Slime pack box, closer…(moves stuff) Hmmmm, yeah…I want it to be in da centre of da frame. Now let’s put dat over dare an’ put dese to da front, an’ over dare…hmmm. Let’s put dese – oh yeah – let’s put dose beside dat…yeah, dat’ll do. Dare, dat looks much better. (Again, no comment.) Alright…hmmmm…(Still not satisfied, he abruptly starts shifting more stuff around the table.) Dese here…Making Art! Makin’ a bit o’ Art. ‘Cause we’re showin’ off LOTS of lovely Art. Alright…hmmm…(he moves stuff infinitesimally around again) And dat looks pretty good…now I’m gonna go with dis, an’ OOP! (Finally takes photo and holds it up to us again.) An’ dat’ll go on – dat’ll go on the original Slime listing. Okay, so I’ll put dese away (begins laboriously re-packing cards). Okay, an’ we’ll get our next buncha cards out…
1:09:57 to 1:12:57 Explaining freakout at SNT's fanart
Transcript
. . . Lessee, we also have some Chaos Emeralds, and a Sonichite and Rosechite, an’ Divine Intervention, which helps you get your Mega Evolutions on the grid a lil sooner. I’ll do a s’play here, so there’s Mega Wild. [Abruptly loud and upset] He needs his tail to be a leaf! Its gliding properties make him able to fly and jump higher! [Very shrilly] Don’t give him a big ol’ poofy Pachirisu tail, Courtney! Come on! GAAAH! That really triggered me! [He abruptly becomes calm again]
Anyway, so . . . display ever’body around here, dah-ta dah-ta dah. An’ by the way, [he holds up a Mega Punchy card] his temporary tail, you see those silv--you see dose silver things on the sides of his tail of his Mega form? That’s a pair a’ sword blades. So he can actually detach ‘em from his tail and use ‘em as a pair a’ katana, literally. {Editor’s note: FUCKING WEEB} And he puts ‘em back on and dey just grow back in. Don’t . . . don’t try to logic this. All right? We’re beyond logic. {Editor’s note: That is the truest thing Chris has ever said.} [He coughs]
Excuse me. [He takes a sip from his McCafe cup] From da stress I have, watching dat video of the redesigned Chaotic Combo . . . [stress sigh] allowed the cold virus to get in. Dat’s what I’ve been dealing with yesterday and today. [He takes a long drink from his cup and exhales loudly] Ah, warm tea, with lemon. [Stress sigh]
I had to deal with . . . really messed-up brain, dat’s why I lit--[he bends down to put part of his face into frame] I ended up not on purpose, just ending up, making scrambled sentences. All right? [In a sulky whine] That’s why my brain was really fried, from the virus that was coming in. Got all stressed. [Shrilly] Took advantage . . . I have positivity ‘n optimism, an’ as calm and clear-minded as possible for meditation, to stave off--I’ve been able to stave off viruses for months! And then this fated event, this fated triggering set happens, an’ I just . . . [He whines, slumps back in his seat, makes another loud whining noise, fiddles with the paper on the table, and stress sighs] Anyway, I’m feeling better.
⇐ Joey Vance
Chris's videos
Live Reading of SNT Vs Sonichu, Part 2 ⇒
v • d • e
Livestreams
2010s
2016
Sonichu's First PS4 Broadcast • Happy Birthday Tom • CWC`s Destiny Start • Destiny Stream Apology • Nerdy Q&A • My Breast Massage Routine 18+ • Please, Donate • Announcement 04/16/2016 • Donation Request • Proposition to Sega • Donations, Please, plus Live Game Stream tonight. • Live Game Stream - Uncharted
2017
C-Log 04142017 • React to SNL 41-4 Darn Ol' Tramp 45 • C-Log 04192017 - The Shirt • C-Log 04272017 • C-Log 050012017-1 • C-Log 050032017-2 • C-Log 05052017 • Live Drawing Streams • CLog 06142017 • CLog 06232017 • CLog 07072017 • HarassCWCdirectly • CLog 08142017 - More Positive Content • CLog 09042017 - Mister C • CLog 10042017 - Q&A 1 • CLog 10042017 - Q&A NO MORE • CLog Special - PATREON & MORE • CLog 10172017 - Medallion Making • Sachumo Interview
2018
Twitch • A Chat With Chris-Chan
2019
Twilight Sparkle's Secret Shipfic Folder Livestreams • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan
2020s
2020
Live Reading of SNT Vs Sonichu, Part 2 • Red vs Blue Reaction Livestreams • Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight
2021
Incest Arrest
2023
October • November • December
2024
January • February • March • June • September • November
2025
March • May
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Twilight_Sparkle%27s_Secret_Shipfic_Folder_Livestreams&oldid=353379#Playing_Twilight_Sparkle’s_Secret_Shipfic_Folder_with_the_New_Sonichu_Deck!"