Title: User:Canine/TV Tropes
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/User:Canine/TV_Tropes
Categories: Category, Websites
================================================================================

For several years, not only has Christian and the Hedgehog Boys's music been featured on their So Bad, It's Horrible pages and did he have a list on the Memetic Mutation page, TV Tropes has featured an article on Sonichu (a work also listed under the SBIH list for webcomics). As is the case with nearly any work, the article chronicled "devices and conventions that a writer can reasonably rely on as being present in the audience members' minds and expectations". Being the massive pile of fail that it is, Sonichu provided plenty.
However, the page also led to vast amounts of edit-warring, trolling, and complaining — all of which have caused many a headache on TV Tropes. Sometime in mid-2010, the main article was locked so that only administrators could edit it, and pared down to have a less negative tone. All the tropes pertaining to Chris in real life were also removed, as TV Tropes admins especially dislike negativity and/or complaining that pertains to real people. The pages for Asperchu were also cut down in a similar fashion. Many other TV Tropes articles on complaint magnets such as My Immortal, Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fox News Channel have been similarly locked.[1] As with any other page that is locked, those wishing to make alterations to the article may inquire at this thread.
The article once contained subpages for "Just Bugs Me" (now called Headscratchers), in which editors could raise questions about a work, and "Wild Mass Guessing", mainly for making joke-y predictions about a work's future. These were also deleted to help stem the complaining and trolling. At one point, a biographical article on Chris existed at the title "CWC". Its contents are unknown, but they were likely identical to the real-life section seen below. The "CWC" page was quickly deleted, and it was probably locked around the same time as the main Sonichu article to prevent re-creation. Another Sonichu-related page that disappeared in this timeframe was the one on Moon-Pals, although this was as much due to that work going offline as it was for the negativity towards Chris.
Around the time that the Sonichu page was locked, the site introduced several more tabs to help in the diffusion of tropes. "YMMV" lists tropes that are subjective in nature; "Characters" is meant to list tropes that pertain only to an individual character; and "Trivia" for facts on a work that are not really tropes, but still worth noting. (Perhaps unsurprisingly, Sonichu's "YMMV" tab is also locked.) Several tropes, such as "So Bad, It's Horrible" and "Wall Banger", have migrated to a subsection called the "Darth Wiki" and their pages explicitly say not to list them on main articles, and "Wall Banger" was later deleted entirely.
Below is an archive of the Sonichu article on TV Tropes dating from approximately June 2010, shortly before admins took a chainsaw to it. Note that several tropes have since been renamed, while "Did Not Do the Research" has been deleted due to mass complaining and misuse. Also, TV Tropes no longer supports strikethrough code due to abuse. Outside correction of TV Tropes-specific links (the former "Ptitle" format for punctuated titles has been removed, and pages on works are no longer preceded by "Main", but rather by the format of the work), and the updating of links to the CWCipedia archive and the new Encyclopedia Dramatica, no links have been changed.
For the Just Bugs Me and Wild Mass Guessing pages, see this page.
Enjoy, Learn, and Stay Straight.
“
Go! Sonichu! Go out and zap to the extreme!
”
Sonichu #0
“
Tell me about it on CWC. Geez, when you have me facepalming at you, you have got to be pretty bad off.
”
David Gonterman
There is Artemis' Lover. There is Agony In Pink. There is The Girl Who Lived. There is My Immortal. There is My Inner Life. Many demonstrations could be made for the ascendant terribleness of such works, putting them above all lesser bad fanworks.
But then, standing resplendent above them all, there is Sonichu.
Sonichu was a fan TRUE and ORIGINAL webcomic created by one Christian Weston Chandler, starring (at least initially) the eponymous Electric Hedgehog Pokémon and his friends. The comic itself would be remarkable only for how unbelievably bad it is, but it has in recent years gained notoriety due to the author's antics in response to trolling and other harassment. The result is a perversely-fascinating, deeply-dysfunctional, symbiotic relationship - Mr. Chandler's creation has been saved from the curse of obscurity at the price of a "fanbase" devoted to making his life a living hell.
Sonichu started as some sort of Pokémon/Sonic The Hedgehog crossover world, and the first few issues focus on Sonichu's origin, his meeting with his "heartsweet" Rosechu (based heavily on Amy Rose), and a supporting cast of other Hedgehog Pokémon of various types. But in issue #2 and from issues #4-7, the series crystallizes into its present form, as Christian himself takes center stage and encounters and battles his enemies in real life, from mall cops to the dean of his local community college to internet trolls. Needless to say, the supposed main plot, a search for the Sonichu Bal- sorry, Sonichu Crystals, in order to use their powers to free Christian's Distaff Counterpart and "dream sibling", Crystal, from a mirror the aforementioned dean have trapped her in, takes a backseat.
Due to criticism over such a self-centered plotline, Christian eventually gets trapped in a timestream, leaving Sonichu to take up his heroic mantle of defender of CWCville. The war against Encyclopedia Dramatica and "Four-Cent Garbage" rages on, interrupted by the occasional furry sex scene, until issue #9 changes focus (again) to dating education (no, not sex education) and Christian's crude interpretation of how relationships work.
The last chapter of issue 9 depicts a lengthy battle against invading forces from the PVCC, and ends with Sonichu and friends beating them with as much resistance as a team of Mary Sues typically gets. Christian's Author Avatar is released from the timestream shortly afterwards, and this cues the beginning of Issue #10, which can best be described as a combination of undisguised Wish Fulfillment and Christian's attempt to get back at his internet antagonizers by turning both his avatar and Sonichu into bigger God Mode Sues than ever, via the Sonichu Crystals Balls, and depict them punishing in-comic representations of his enemies by either killing or injuring them, destroying their property or making them pray to him for forgiveness. As the story progresses, Christian's feud with his "enemies" from real life becomes increasingly more disturbing, and its culmination in issue #10 finale can be most charitably described as the ultimate proof that Christian is in dire need of psychiatric help. It's worth noting that in this issue Christian frequently derailed the plot so he could devote several pages to "punishing" comic books versions of people who "wronged" him most recently; by contrast, (supposedly) important plot threads (such as Crystal being trapped in Dark Mirror Hole, or Christian's feud with college dean) were resolved quickly and anticlimactically. This sequence of events create probably the most unplanned and, for newcomers, incomprehensible storyline so far in Sonichu. Christian (once again) promised that in the future issues he will give the spotlight to Sonichu and that his Author Avatar won't appear so often. However, he isn't famous for keeping his promises (having made this exact one before), so future issues can be expected to be similar storyline-wise to Sonichu 10, with new real life-based enemies introduced as more trolling undoubtedly will continue to rain down upon him. (That is, of course, assuming there will be new issues at all, which might not happen in the foreseeable future. Christian hasn't uploaded any new pages since February 2010 and is deeply offended even by mere suggestions that he should update his own webcomic. It seems that he decided to devote his time to more entertaining activities instead, such as masturbating, playing video games and whining about them on the internet, continuing his Quest For Sex on the internet, condemning internet and claiming that he is "active within his community".)
Since this comic blurs the line between fiction and reality so much, a deep understanding of Mr. Chandler's life and psyche is required to make any sense of it. The best source would be the CWCki, an entire wiki cataloging Mr. Chandler's life and works (warning: some pages and images are definitely Not Sage For Work or your mental health), while the even more NSFW Encyclopedia Dramatica page that started this whole mess can be found here. Mr. Chandler's own websites tend to be hacked and deleted with some degree of regularity. He used to have his own Sonichu wiki which could be found here; however, in response to trolls hacking and vandalizing his precious wiki (again), on 27 May 2010 he announced his decision to "relinquish what was the Cwcipedia" while "keeping ownership of what it was before yesterday". In response Vivian Gee and Alec Benson Leary took control of CWCipedia and claimed all rights to Sonichu; at the beginning of June 2010 the control of CWCipedia apparently was taken over by a mysterious individual who may or may not be the TRUE and HONEST CWC.* Well, actually it's definitely not CWC, but it's fun to pretend otherwise. And who knows, maybe it's a beginning of new saga...
Compare the Gonter Verse, Silent Hill, Hell. See also Asperchu and Moon-Pals, two much better series that you probably should be reading instead of this one, if you aren't already.
Please note that several links on this page are not work safe. Don't forget to keep the Brain Bleach close by should you decide to visit any of them, worksafe or otherwise.
Tropes from the comic: A-M
This comic contains examples of:
Aborted Arc: Several characters are introduced, only to have little to no relevance later on. A fine example of this is Ivy: she was made Chris's eternal sweetheart by God and Jesus Themselves, only to be killed off-screen after the "death" of the "real" Ivy.
Accidental Innuendo: "I cannot be deprived of my balls."
From Sonichu 6: a picture of a surprised Chris, an explosion in his groin area and the words: "Somethings's happening downstairs! Sonichu, Magi-Chan, come with me!" (link)
Age Cut: Done in the Spring Break issue to show that certain characters are of legal age to be true loving couples.
All There In The Manual: As an example, WesLi Sonichu, one of many villains based on real life people, makes lots of references to magic tricks and props and the like. This is because Wes Iseli, the real life counterpart of the character, is a professional magician. In no way does the comic bother trying to explain this to the reader. It takes multiple trips to the CWCki or reading through the mailbags to understand just who the hell these heroes and villains are supposed to be.
At the height of Chris's fear that all of his "fans" would leave him for Asperchu, he decided to do his usual thing of righting the wrongs within the pages of the comic. The thing is, if you only read Sonichu and had no idea about Asperchu you would be completely lost and would need to read Asperchu to understand Sonichu... Oh Crap.
Chris also revealed some information that's relevant to the plot of Sonichu not in the comic itself, but only in the CWCipedia articles. For example, in the article about Magi-Chan Chris revealed that after his Author Avatar destroyed Count Graduon's wand "ALL of his [i.e. Graduon's, not Christian's, unfortunately] brainwashings, magic and curses became undone" and that Silvana fell in love with Magi-Chan; so far, none of this was shown in the webcomic itself. This is most likely caused by Christian's laziness, as it's much easier for him to create an article on his wiki than to draw comic book pages (though of course even writing short articles is too much effort for him to do that regularly).
All Trolls Are Different: Chris envisions the internet trolls who antagonize him as living Troll dolls in the comic.
Alternative Character Interpretation: God and Jesus are trolls.
And Knowing Is Half The Battle: Almost literally: Chris often pauses mid-panel to drop cautionary messages into his comics, such as encouraging parents to pay attention to the age ratings on the games their kids play, and plugging LittleBigPlanet while encouraging readers not to buy knock-off copies of the game for the Xbox Hex Bawx 360.
Animesque: After Chris met Megan in real life, sweat drops, anime eyes, and other Japanese influences started appearing more frequently.
Animated Actors: Supposedly Sonichu and Rosechu are married and have children "outside" of the comic... which makes it even more difficult to figure out on what level of reality all this insanity is taking place on.
Even the characters themselves are having trouble with telling the difference between their reality and in-universe fiction, such as Sonichu mistaking drawings of Rosechu in the nude as real candid photographs of her.
Although that one may have been the artist's attempt to make his own drawings look better by having the characters talk about how life-like they are.
A second phone call between Chris and Alec Benson Leary confirmed that Chris actually believes that all comic book and cartoon characters - including Sonichu characters - really exist in some sort of bizarre, Who Framed Roger Rabbit-esque "toon world"...in fact, he cited Roger Rabbit as evidence that this is true.
Anthropomorphic Personification: the Big Bad is named Count Graduon, who is a living, breathing manifestation of Chris' bad memories of his graduation. Chris was angry because he was not allowed to recite some inane poem, so he created Count Graduon to "protest".
Art Evolution: Well... Chris' self-insert character has stopped inflating/deflating at random due to Chris trying to draw himself realistically while at the same time denying his quickly increasing baldness and obesity. Also, his hair is now firmly glued to his head.
By the end of 2009, his artwork has improved further... but only slightly. While rushing to make up for constant schedule slippage, Chris's artwork has devolved back to that of a preschooler.
Considering the slight improvement only really got up to 1st year school standards, this trope needs to be considered in the widest possible context. No matter how one looks at it, the art is still quite bad.
Artifact Of Doom: The Black Sonichu Medallion worn by Reldnahc.
Artifact Title: Despite the comic being called Sonichu, the beast in question has been appearing less and less. Chris is trying to rectify that.
Artist Disillusionment: It seems that Chris realized that he doesn't enjoy writing Sonichu if he's forced to work on it regularly. This resulted in Chris not updating the comic (and CWCipedia in general) and insulting fans he thinks he has.
Author Appeal: Numerous references to anime and Adult Swim programs, a Monty Python quote or two, and most famously the "fanservice" of Rosechu making pornographic pictures of herself to try countering troll accusations of her having a "pickle"... and then claiming in Encyclopedia Dramatica she did it for women's rights.
Author Avatar: Besides writing an idealized version of himself into the comic, Chris uses Sonichu as a proxy to channel his rage about constant accusations of him being homosexual.
Author Filibuster: Played straight when the author avatar harangues the "Jerkops" (policemen who tried removing him from a mall) after defeating him, or Sonichu's impassioned speech given to "Jason" on the top of "Four-Cent Garbage" building about trolling. What makes it funny is that it ties into patriotism and has a damn American flag in the back.
Bait The Dog: Chris was starting to actually be nice to the Asperchu people, something he's never really done... only to turn around and make himself even more of an asshole by killing them in his fictional comic.
Bald Of Evil: A fair few of the male villains, possibly because Chris didn't feel like drawing hair.
Chris-Chan himself is already becoming this trope, as his bad health and worse nutrition are thinning out his hair at a scary rate.
Beyond The Impossible: The comic just keeps topping itself in terms of offensiveness and general badness. Issue 10 alone consists of Chris making a cure for homosexuality from his own "straight" blood, Chris raping his future wife, stage directions put into the dialogue, homosexuality presented as akin to demonic possession, trolls Clyde Cash and Jack Thaddeus portrayed as gays who are informed by a demon that they're going to hell because they're gay, and them being instantly accepting of that, Chris destroying a skyscraper full of people with a song about how much better Power Rangers used to be (and then acting sad about their "unavoidable" deaths), Chris curing the whole world of homosexuality and asexuality by pouring his blood into every drinking water supply on earth (presumably without anyone's permission) not only forcibly eliminating homosexuality without anyone's consent but rendering the world's water supply unkosher, a visit from Meg Griffin that's terribly drawn even by Chris's standards, the debut of "Collossal Chris-Chan" who looks like some bizarre fusion of Sonic, Chris and Paul Bunyan, Chris going to Minnesota, pettily frying Alec Leary's hard drive and messianically freeing all of Asperchu's characters from Alec's evil grasp, Chris beating up Mary Lee Walsh Slaweel Ryam and paralyzing her, and culminates with Sonichu characters torturing, mutilating and murdering Asperpedia trolls.
And the mailbag explanations... Hoo boy. He still manages to claim that he accepts the gay community. He claims the future wife thing was not rape and that Meg was pushing it on him which is why he didn't cheat on his wife.
Berserk Button: Rosechu and pickles, Sonichu being called a homo.
Big No: Chris does this in one of the comics when he finds out he's been set up by a girl working in a coffee shop who said she wanted to date him. He has also done it in real life at least once (and he apparently freaked out so much that the police had to be called).
BiggusDickus: The "Giant Penis Comic", which is Exactly What It Says On The Tin. It's an enormous and uncomfortably-detailed drawing of his own "duck," complete with a rather scary 45-degree bend in it. Brain Bleach, please.
For extra squick value: It's possible Chris may have traced his own penis, because that scary bend is true for Chris IRL as well.
On the other hand, Fridge Brilliance: If it really is deformed like that, using the word "duck" as a euphemism makes perfect sense, when you consider the genitalia of actual ducks.
Why do you know this.
Big Brother Is Watching: Magi-Chan Sonichu enforces CWCville's anti-homosexuality and child abuse laws by spying telepathically on people having sex, on the off-chance that two men might be having sex at any time (which equates to a $500 fine or 50 hours of community service). Possibly the most screamingly offensive and mind-bugging (no pun intended) Word Of God statement ever, and that's saying a lot.
Once enough people got ticked off and used the mailbag to say that, he backpedaled and deal with Magi-Chan and the Sonichu no longer uses his powers to determine what people do with their sex life.
He didn't reverse it so much because he realised it was wrong, but because it was pointed out to him that he was basically making one of his characters watch gay sex.
It's also funny to note that Chris has gone on record saying that sometimes he randomly imagines penises or gay acts, thus meaning that he himself would be so incriminated under the above system.
Knowing Chris though, he'd probably be exempt from that law.
Mostly because of Magi-Chan's purple colouring, he is often assumed by trolls to be gay, adding a whole new meaning to his psychic search for other gay people.
Bile Fascination: Sonichu has approximately zero actual fans, but is nonetheless mesmerizing due to its sheer horror and as a look into the mind of its creator.
Honestly, Sonichu is the very pinnacle of this trope. The average bad fanwork gets ignored or a few mocking reviews. Something that goes beyond bad might get a Dramatic Reading or two, or a skilled MST. Sonichu has inspired multiple parody comics, a well-drawn redo of the comic, several makeshift animated adaptions, a whole wiki devoted to its 'minutae', and who knows how many people following it all who will not stop pressing Chris' buttons because the well seems bottomless. You don't see, for a random example, people adapting The Shocker: Legit into a fan-comic, yet something like this gets this degree of attention, simply for how bad it is and how beyond belief its creator is. It leaves one at a loss for words.
And his own life and antics are so bad that whatever happens he will never be free from the people who pursue and troll him. As the CWCki explains, even if you took away his internet or he had to move elsewhere after his parents die, his antics and attitude to life would ensure no shortage of people online and offline (on both sides) ready to step in to try and help him or troll him. He inspires comedy and drama the likes of which most Reality Television shows can only dream about... and it's all strangely compelling. As has also been stated, most people online would do anything for the publicity Chris has got.
Bland Name Product: Rosechu uses a "Quadak"-brand digital camera in Sonichu 8.
Boring Invincible Hero: Christian's Author Avatar and his Sonic recolors (well, to the extent they can be considered heroes), who become increasingly more overpowered in the comic as Christian becomes increasingly more frustrated and desperate to get back at trolls in real life.
Bouquet Toss: Sarah "Nicole" tosses her wedding bouquet to Chris at the end of Episode 12... even though wedding bouquets do not work that way.
Broken Base: Sonichu's "fanbase" can be divided into roughly four groups - those who wish to antagonize Chris into providing further entertainment, those who pity him and wish that he'd get help, those who hate him for his viewpoints and actions, and those who have withdrawn in disgust. Individuals bounce from category to category as the Sonichu saga unfolds.
People among the fourth group of said "fanbase" that wish to stay there would definitely need something to scrub their minds out with to forget that Chris and Sonichu ever existed.
Brother Sister Incest: All of the Sonichus and Rosechus have been known to call Chris their father. Some of them are in sexual relationships with each other. Interpret that as you will. Also, his "sister" Crystal has the Rosechu medallion that Chris intended to give his true love. That, and the fact that his "sister" has the same name that his fantasy daughter has, makes one wonder.
Parental Incest: Chris drew several pornographic pictures of Sonichus and Rosechus, expected other people to provide him with Rosechu porn and admitted that drawing naked Rosechu turns him on ("a bit"). And Rosechus call Chris their father. Also, in Sonichu 10 Chris drew his Author Avatar making out with Silvana (in the guise of Meg Griffin); since Chris apparently considers his Sonic recolors to be his children, he basically drew himself making out with his own kid.
The Can Kicked Him: Simonla is killed by an explosive device hidden in a toilet.
Captain Ersatz: The majority of the cast consists of Sonic recolors. Firstly, Sonichu is an ersatz that the author made sometime in the 1990s when a teacher wouldn't allow him to use Sonic the Hedgehog or Pikachu in a class project due to copyright. There's also Simonla Rosechu, who was originally a (male) Fan Character created by a troll who's a fan of Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann, but Chris decided to change his gender and turn him into a Rosechu before using her in the comic. Add in two characters based off Zelda (Zelina Rosechu, Clawdorf and Darkbind Sonichu), Sailor Megtune and various others. The only characters who seem to be completely original are Kel and Count Graduon.
Celibate Hero: Magi-Chan, the most powerful Sonichu and the Only Sane Man, used to not seek romance. Notable in that he was the only Sonic recolor with some importance in the story who hadn't been permanently paired up with someone. Chris of course noticed that and immediately took the chance to establish Magi-Chan as a character different from the rest of his boring, flat, obsessed-with-sex Sonic recolors, with at least some personality and originality... Oh wait, that didn't happen. Instead, Chris made Magi-Chan and Silvana fall in love with each other.
Character Alignment:
Chris: Chaotic Evil, believes he's LawfulGood
Mary Lee Walsh: Lawful Neutral, portrayed as Neutral Evil
Sonichu: Lawful Evil/Chaotic Neutral
Rosechu: True Neutral Female
Asperchu: True Neutral
City Of Adventure: CWCville is supposed to be like this, but it comes off more as a militaristic city-state out of an Orwellian nightmare that would put the Tau Empire to shame.
The Chick: Rosechu -- her hobbies are "frolicing through the fields, shopping at CWCville mall and cooking."
Chickification: Megagi La Skunk, who goes from being a tomboy wearing spiked collars in her introduction to donning a cheerleader outfit and being a Shallow Love Interest like the rest of the female cast in the later issues.
Christmas Special
Cliché Storm: There is close to zero originality here.
There was one "skitch" that Chris thought he could get onto Family Guy. It was the most original thing he'd ever drawn. It was also much, much worse than the unoriginal rest of the comic.
Cold Blooded Torture: Chris and his Sonic recolors subject Asperpedia trolls to this at the end of Sonichu 10. Before killing them. Somehow, the reader is supposed to root for the torturers.
Combination Attack: Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance! [sic] So awesome and Animesque, it had to be misspelled both times it was used in the comics.
Completely Missing The Point: Oh where to begin...
One major one is the aforementioned Rosechu stripping naked to fight for women's rights. That's not what women's rights are about...
In one issue, Sonichu gets an upskirt view of Rosechu, and reacts as you might expect.
Rosechu's thoughts: "I love being appreciated and fully understood for my being, as well as my bod." (Note that personality isn't mentioned.)
That's because she doesn't have one.
Complete Monster: Comic!Chris. While the real Chris Chandler is a pathetic loser with a lot of derangement, his Author Avatar blows out people's kneecaps after disarming them, destroyed a guy's home life even though he was enforcing the rules of the place Chris was soliciting at, seals up a building and blows it up ensuring no living thing escapes (justifying it with how their security was lackluster), then collapses another building full of people whose worst crime can be considered being a JerkAss, killing one hundred people, injuring hundreds more, and leaving 250 people unaccounted for, before arranging a show trial for a bunch of people who murdered Simonla (but who really just making fun of him), and had them sentenced to be brutally tortured to death by every "good" character in the comic, including Simonla's less than a year old daughter. And he does it all with a gleeful smile on his face.
Meanwhile, Slaweel only gets life for killing at least two people, and maybe even more, during her raid on CWCVille. Those two people being Chris' RL 'sweethearts'. Apparently, it's only worthy of the death penalty if it directly demeans Chris in any way.
Actually, both of those deaths were caused by collateral damage, which could be linked to the heroes as well as the villains.
Cosmic Keystone: The Sunstone. It gets forgotten the issue after it's introduced.
Critical Research Failure: Chris has made it clear he knows jack-shit.
Cross Popping Veins: In one picture of Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc.
Crossover: Of Sonic The Hedgehog and Pokémon, obviously. Sort of.
Crowning Moment Of Awesome: See Take That Us below.
Crowning Moment Of Funny: "I'm Jesus, s'up?"
Fan-made Sonichu 11 (see Running The Asylum below for details) gave us this conversation between Magi-Chan and Reginald Sneasel, which also serves as nice Take That to Chris:
Magi-Chan: "Reginald, I'm afraid I have some bad news, Angelica was just killed by Slaweel's bomb at the Mal-Wart. She was buying some feminine hygiene products when the bomb exploded. Sonichu had a fierce fight with her but was not able to stop her from explodin the bombs. Since I know you and Angelica were very close, I would suggest you buy a love doll from Specners Gifts or some other quality adult goods retailer to keep you company while you find another heartsweet to date and eventually have intercourse with after the third date."
Reginald: "This is terrible news. Thank you for telling me Magi-Chan. I will take your idea of Spencers Gifts love doll into consideration."
Unintentional, but Rosechu's "profile." It's so sexist, how can you not laugh?
Cure Your Gays: Chris' anti-gay vaccine. The fact that he donated some of his own blood to create said vaccine raises some hilarious unintended implications if you know anything about how vaccines are made. Also, it's stated that you need pure heterosexual blood to make it, and yet Future Chris is still alive at that point.
Darker And Edgier: Issue 10, which features Chris torturing four people to death in the most brutally inhumane ways- including snapping their bones, shooting them at point black range, electrocuting someone until they end up a burned husk, and forcing a girl with the emotional maturity of a fourth grader to drill someone to death.
Not to mention the grotesque, graphic (considering that it is supposed to be a comic for children) sex scenes.
Death Is Cheap: Averted as far as characters exclusive to his fictional universe goes. His argument against killing off Simonla is that it would be terrible to deprive Wild Sonichu of his girlfriend.
Defictionalization: 4-cent garbage.com was made into a real Image Board, and since coming to the attention of the Internet, there now really are several organizations dedicated to making Chris miserable.
Someone got fed up with Christian whining about being "BALLZ-BROKEN (...) IN AMERICA'S FAVORITE GAME, 'KICK THE AUTISTIC!'" and created this game.
Demoted To Extra: Sonichu himself takes a backseat to everyone else in the comic after issue #1.
Depraved Bisexual: Silvana.
Depraved Homosexual: Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc. His sexual orientation is variously characterized as being integral to his villain personality, making Chris somewhat out of touch with social mores. At least Jack Chick deliberately rattles cages.
Designated Hero: The protagonists spend all their time having sex and/or trying to have sex, and yet the readers are meant to support them and cheer them as heroes.
While Chris calls women in his comic equal to men, they only exist for three reasons: looking pretty, shopping, and proving that all male characters in the comic are STRAIGHT!
Dethroning Moment Of Suck: Difficult to pin down. The comic started out as abysmally shitty, and then somehow went further downhill once Sonichu all but disappeared from it, and the addition of sex scenes certainly didn't help matters.
Chris exacting revenge on Asperpedia trolls that forced him to kill Simonla by having them tortured to death in his comic. And he does it to their comic book versions right after apologizing to real life Asperpedia trolls.
And later he claimed that the guy who wanted him to kill Simonla and whose comic book version was murdered in the most gruesome way should be satisfied and move on, because Simonla is dead. Right before that, he also stated that... No, this must be seen to be believed.
Deus Ex Machina: Magi-chan is "psychic", which means that he can teleport anyone in and out of action and explain, out of the blue, what the heck the other characters are supposed to actually do in these stories. Psychic powers: the perfect putty to plug plot holes.
And despite being the comic's #1 source of exposition and Psychic Ex Machina, Magi-chan somehow lost the leadership vote of the Chaotic Combo to Wild Sonichu.
Not to forget the emergence of the never-before-seen-or-mentioned Bionic the Hedgehog to take out Reldnahc in Sonichu #6.
The Devil Is A Loser: Beel, ostensibly a Satan analogue, but also the peevish secretary of the 4-Cent Garbage HQ.
Did Not Do The Research: Oh, so many examples. To begin with, Chris thinks he can actually make money off this...
In the very first episode, the rainbow's colors go red, orange, yellow, blue, green, purple, light purple.
In Issue 10, Chris says he traveled through time and had sex with his future wife, who thought he was his future self. Now he has a very hard time explaining to his furious fans why this sex under false pretense can't be considered rape.
Issue 11 involves Sonichu and Rosechu's kids getting ready for Christmas and performing in a play. In what is supposed to be a public school, the play is Very Very Very Christian. Apparently separation of Church and state doesn't exist in CWCville.
Also, the depiction that the comics give to the Cherokees is simply ludicrous: Not only does Comic!Chris claim to be a descendant of the king of the Cherokee tribe (notice that the Cherokee tribe wasn't a monarchy) but also claims that the Cherokees had as enemies a tribe named after an Asian condiment (no, seriously).
Not to mention his Cherokee ancestor is portrayed as Caucasian and wearing golden armor. That's... not even stereotyping, that's just plain stupid.
Chris believes that autism comes from an injection that doctors give to certain babies, and that getting a blood transfusion from a gay person will turn you gay as well.
His mayor's office is located in the mall and he sees no problem with this. Also, CWCville gives free housing and about 1500 dollars a month to jobless.
In the comic, Collosal Chris-Chan deletes everything in Asperpedia (hint: it's a MediaWiki site where nothing ever gets lost), blocks the admins (hint: it's a MediaWiki site where admins can unblock themselves), and deletes their user accounts (H:IAMWSW user accounts can't be deleted, by design). And to think that Chris claims to be the lord and ruler over all of CWCipedia, which incidentally is a MediaWiki site too...
According to the CWCki, he makes references to Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann without even having watched it.
Which adds a real Irony to the fact that he had the daughter of a Simon Captain Erstatz use a drill to kill somebody.
Disproportionate Retribution: Chris inflicts a horrible curse on the Jerkhief that results in the loss of the poor guy's family, home, and everything he owns. Why? As payback for an almost beating that Chris nearly suffered and richly deserved. This was supposed to be an awesome moral victory for Chris, who was meant to be the obvious hero in this situation.
In Sonichu 10, Chris and Sonichu attack the 4-cent_garbage.com Tower, an in-comic representation of 4chan and Encyclopedia Dramatica, with The Power Of Rock which causes the building to collapse, killing 100 of its workers and injuring another 150. Chris's following dialogue makes it clear that he thinks they deserved it, simply because they were making fun of him over the Internet.
Likewise, in a (real life) situation where CChanSonichuCWC (AKA Liquid Chris), a guy tricking Chris into thinking that people are confusing him and Chris, trolls Chris by having a girl named "Kacey" pretend to be conflicted in regards which guy she loves. Liquid tricks Chris into thinking that he has gotten Kacey to marry him (which was pretty easy considering how messed up poor Chris is). However, Chris responds by making a comic in which Liquid kidnaps Kacey and threatens Chris and Kacey with a small knife. So how does Chris respond? He pulls out a pistol and shoots Liquid (who has been disarmed at this point) in his calves. Kacey's parents are proud of him for doing this.
A guy calls Meg Griffin a man. Chris gets upset. The guy calls Chris a woman. Chris punches him in the face. Not exactly someone with good self control...
Based on rather flimsy evidence, they linked the creators of Asperchu to the murder of Simonla Rosechu. So what does Chris do? Have a show trial with an obviously biased judge, order the four to be executed and then kill them onscreen in the most brutal way possible, including the daughter of Simonla (who's mentally a fourth grader) ripping off all of Evan's limbs!
Distaff Counterpart: Crystal, Chris's Dream Sibling.
Distress Ball: Rosechu carries this. A LOT.
Dungeon Master: Magi-Chan has elements of this kind of character. Despite being near omniscient and very powerful, he usually does little more than teleport other characters where they need to go and serve as comic's resident MrExposition.
Egopolis: CWCville=(pronounced "quickville"), which is composed of the creator's initials, CWC, because everybody loves Chris.
That's not even the half of it, the currency is named after him (C-Quarters, W-Quarters, and confusingly C-QUARTERS), the only known radio station is KCWC, the drink of choice is CWC Cola, and the mayor's birthday is celebrated as a holiday, under the name of Christian Love Day.
Ensemble Darkhorse: Yawning Squirtle, a stoned-looking Squirtle who appears in only one panel in Episode 18, is widely considered to be CWC's best/only good character. Bill the Scientist and the Boulder-Dropping Whale are similar few-frame favorites.
Kel, Rosechu's original Trainer, is probably Chris's only original character, despite being yet another generic female and having only one sentence worth of character description (that she's a caring girl). She was all but forgotten after the first issue.
Zapina is another character who isn't 100% slavishly derivative of another; while there is a trace of Amy Rose to her, the fact that she's part lightning bug shows a flash of originality.
Despite Sandy Rosechu's intended use as a giant "FUCK YOU" to Evan and the Asperpedia and otherwise fairly minor story presence thus far, the trolls' willingness to explore the psychological implications of having someone with the mentality of a fourth grader commit grisly murder has netted Sandy her own comic, Capering Berries.
Let's not forget Mary Lee Walsh.
Esoteric HappyEnding: Chris thinks that the Sonichu 10 ending was the great victory of the forces of good. The readers think it was one of the most disturbing things Chris ever created and perhaps the ultimate proof of his derangement.
Everything's Better With Rainbows: The rainbow formed from Sonichu's creation, which turned a Raichu into Rosechu and made eggs that would eventually hatch into the Chaotic Combo and Silvana. After Chris realized that the rainbow was heavily associated with a certain group of people, he has since redrawn a gratuitously gay-looking page to instead have a slim, trim version of himself leaping in front of the Pearly Gates.
Evil Is Petty: Mary Lee Walsh and the Jerkops have nothing better to do with their time than hindering Chris's progress in his love quest.
Evil Twin: Played straight (heh) with Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc, who is the complete opposite of Chris, a member of Team Rocket who later came out of the closet.
Also, Black Sonichu (later renamed Blake, to avoid looking racist), who is to Sonichu what Shadow is to Sonic, only even more annoying. He's since undergone a Heel Face Turn, though.
Evil Tower Of Ominousness: The 4-Cent Garbage Headquarters, all 66+6 floors of it.
Expansion Pack Past: The Chaotic Combo were originally birthed by the rainbow created when Sonichu became a Sonic/Pikachu hybrid, in the late '90s, at the same time as Sonichu. Supposedly this created all the Sonichus at once, except then Chris started adding in more and more Sonichus, some of whom were said to be older than Sonichu or Rosechu. Of course, Chris only noticed the non-continuity error problem with this setup: all his Rule 34 pics were of underage characters. Thus, Chris dropped two retcons: one, that the Sonichu eggs were sent back in time so everyone was 18, and then retconned that countless Sonichu eggs were sent all throughout time and space. That poor, fragile timeline...
Taken to extremes on CWCipedia, where Chris drops all manner of information that should have been obvious a long time ago (like Sonichu and Rosechu being married and having children) or dolloping loads of plot that bloats the already crossover-laden series like nothing else.
You would think he could have just solved the underage problem by pointing out that Sonichus presumably do not mature and age at the same rate as humans. They are hedgehogs, after all.
Eyepatch Of Power: Jason Kendrick Howell, which unfortunately means a Big Boss look-alike has been dragged into the comic. Howell actually planned this, sending Chris a picture of Big Boss and telling him it was a photo of him.
Family Unfriendly Aesop: If people are mean to you on the Internet, you can mass murder them, and celebrate their deaths by declaring a holiday.
Reginald Sneasel subplot in Sonichu 9: attempting to sabotage other people's relationships out of jealousy is completely justified. (That is, of course, unless you try to sabotage Christian's "relationships" - in which case you deserve to die.) An even if you fail to break them up, don't worry, just delve into some public self-pitying and someone will hook up with you out of pity.
Sub-Episodes: loitering in the store with the stated intent to bother female customers is A-OK. People who try to make you stop doing that are all autistic-kicking complete monsters who want to prevent you from finding love and make you stay virgin with rage forever - and for that reason, it's OK to hurt them.
People you (claim to) love are disposable and easily replaceable. Your dog on the other hand...
Being gay makes you more evil than being Hitler's assistant or keeping a sex slave.
Fandom: Inverted. There has been literally only one person other than Chris to admit to actually liking Sonichu. Even assuming it wasn't a troll, she certainly stopped after Chris publicly berated her.
Fan Fic Chop Suey: Though it is mostly a combination of Pokemon and Sonic, random characters from completely unrelated franchises will inexplicably show up, from Richard Nixon's head-in-a-jar to Meg Griffin to Billy Mays. In recent issues, the Transformers have also shown up, albeit heavily plagiarized versions of the Transformers Animated cast. (Bumba-Lumba?)
Fatal Flaw: Just like in Real Life, despite being such a fantastic guy that everyone loves, Chris just can't get a girl (which he blames on the "Infinitely High Boyfriend Factor", believing that the reason he can't find a Boyfriend-Free Girl is because they're all already taken, and the fact that his criteria for such a woman are improbably strict certainly doesn't help). And later on in the comic, he can't hold onto a girl. He's actually gone through about three or four gal pals since he entered the time void, although only two had appearances in the comic (and both said they would wait for him).
Fetish Retardant: Everything that is meant to be erotic, due to the sloppy coloring, terrible perspective, and Off Model nature of everything...
And if that doesn't do it, just remember: if it's meant to be erotic, Chris was masturbating to it when he drew it. That's a guarantee.
Five Man Band: The Chaotix Chaotic Combo. Granted, they don't have any personality, but let's classify them to our best:
The Hero: Wild Sonichu
The Lancer/The Smart Guy: Magi-chan Sonichu
The Big Guy: Punchy Sonichu
The Chick: Both Bubbles and Angelica Rosechu
Forgotten Fallen Friend: Anytime anybody dies in the comic, their survivors take a panel or so to say "we've got to move on" and do just that. Possibly because the author is a borderline sociopath who does the same thing in real life.
For The Evulz: All of the villains have little motivation towards tormenting Chris beyond "because." Apparently they just don't want him to find True Love. Virginia is for Virgins, after all.
Freudian Excuse: Mary Lee Walsh "Slaweel the Witch" hates love because she's a social outcast who isn't loved herself.
Freud Was Right: Two of the narmy lines listed below, as well as the, um, interesting image of a pistol on this page. And that's just the tip of the iceberg, which makes Chris's constant Have I Mentioned I Am Heterosexual Today assertions a bit awkward.
He actually went back and redrew all scenes with the Drinking Straw of Fail to make it look less phallic.
Frozen In Time: The popularity of franchises, aspects, popular music, fads and toys within the comics and the subject's life seems to be stuck perpetually in 1999, the latest time it seems Chris had any semblance of a positive social life. The only modern thing about either aspect is that he is a PS3 fanboy and owns an HDTV, but it's doubtful he uses the latter to actually watch any high definition television programming. He also likes Family Guy and The Cleveland Show.
Furry Fandom: After a fashion. Chris obviously enjoys sexualized anthropomorphic animals (and has even confessed that he might, under the right circumstances, have sex with a dog), but he doesn't belong to any community.
Even Furries have standards, you know.
Gender Blender Name: Kel is female, while Magi-Chan and Chris-Chan are both male (-chan (ちゃん) is a mostly feminine Japanese suffix).
Generation Xerox: Sandy Rosechu, Simonla Rosechu's daughter. Introduced as a way of keeping Simonla after killing her off.
Godwin's Law: Beel, a secretary for 4-cent garbage, was revealed to be an assistant for Hitler and is condemned to being a troll for all eternity. Chris tries to pull an Even Evil Has Standards thing, but he makes it so Beel is angry at Jack and Clyde for being "homo trolls." Cue Face Palm.
Ironically, since Nazis also killed homosexuals, one could interpret Beel's disgust as that of an unrepentant damned soul.
Gratuitous Japanese: Jiggliami's song "War of Love" (a ripoff of "Love is War" by Miku Hatsune, "written" by one of Chris's "sweethearts") in Episode 18.
Chris also has a tendency to refer to himself as "Chris-Chan." Please note that this is usually a feminine honorific.
Groin Attack: Called 'Kicking them in the Sourdough Area' in Chris terms. He does it to a Jerkop in Subepisode 1, and is recommended by Chris as the ideal form of self-defense against both regular and king-sized Jerkops in Sub-Episode 6.
Greek Chorus: In some of the early, Sonichu-centered comics, Chris.
Green Eyed Monster: Chris is quite guilty of misandry, since he detests every other male on the planet (with a handful of exceptions) as a romantic rival. Wes Iseli in particular became a villain in the comic since he was dating Chris' friend Sarah, thus denying Chris a chance with her. His bizarre hatred of gay men makes even less sense, since they're clearly not rivals.
Have I Mentioned I Am Heterosexual Today
Heel Face Turn: Black Sonichu Blachu Blake.
Hermaphrodite: Silvana. And before you ask, yes, Rule 34 art of Silvana exists.
Heroic Sociopath: Whether it's cursing a security guard because of an almost-beating or shooting out the kneecaps of the impostor the TRUE AND HONEST CWC.
High Octane Nightmare Fuel: Chris drawing each of the members of the Asperpedia being brutally tortured and executed in gory detail. The childish art just serves to make it even more unsettling.
Honor Before Reason: The supposed villain Mary Lee Walsh Slaweel Ryam, of all people. In Sonichu 10, right before her final battle with Chris, she decided not to rely on Count Graduon's help and only fight Chris with her own powers; she even allowed Chris to destroy Graduon's wand. Needless to say, Chris didn't even think about returning the favor and reverting back from his SuperMode; the result was a Curb Stomp Battle ending with Chris paralyzing Slaweel.
Idiot Plot: Conceptualized, written and drawn by one Idiot Author.
Idol Singer: Jiggliami.
I Just Want My Beloved To Be Happy: Chris claimed this with Kacey and Liquid, until the next day when he saw that wouldn't work and made a video proclaiming that "SHE IS MINE NOW!!!"
IKEA Erotica: Rosechu actually says "Insert Rod A into Slot B" before sex with Sonichu. It's intended to be erotic, apparently.
This is actually a joke he stole from Family Guy and taken out of context. The original joke was actually the page quote for the IKEA Erotica page. Either Chris tried to add humor to the sex or he completely missed the point of the joke in the first place.
I Know Mortal Kombat: Jiggliami's manager, Blanca, who also plays "lead Guitar Hero" for her. It's not entirely clear whether she plays an actual guitar and plays Guitar Hero on the side for practice (which, as many will attest, doesn't work), or if all she can play is Guitar Hero (which makes it all the more difficult to believe she and Jiggliami are huge pop stars).
It may have to do with Chris' apparent belief that being good at Guitar Hero gives him actual musical ability.
It's Been Done: When someone asked about Chris willfully stealing gags from South Park, Family Guy, and The Simpsons, he said (and this is an exact quote): "taking jokes is of acceptable practice; it works when the author is short on original jokes, and wants to fill in a good one. Everybody does it. 'Simpsons Did It.'" Note that he's quoting an episode of South Park where Butters kept accidentally recapping episodes of TheSimpsons. Key word: Accidentally. Chris has taken this as carte blanche to have no original humor anywhere in his comic.
Incredibly Lame Pun: The "Anchuent Prophecy" was originally believed to be a simple typo, until someone realized it was meant to be a pun on Sonichu. And lo, there was much [facepalming.
Lovely Weather, Chris's "future wife".
Lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with Lovely Weather for a sleigh ride together with Lovely Weather for a sleigh ride together with Lovely Weather for a sleigh ride together with...
Inferred Holocaust / No Endor Holocaust / What Measure Is A Mook: We are told that the Jerkops swell their numbers using a hypnotic ray gun that only affects the mentally impaired. That's kind of offensive on its own, but it also means that when the heroes do battle with them, they're actually beating the hell out of innocent, retarded people. No character has thus far seen fit to raise this dilemma.
In issue 9, one mention is finally made of the idea of rehabilitating. The characters still beat the brainwashed Jerkops just as mercilessly, however, so nothing has changed in that regard.
As of issue 10, all of the Jerkops have been rehabilitated by Ultra Sonichu.
Informed Ability: Punchy is apparently a master of "random-access humor," but, as of the end of Sonichu 10, has never used it.
"I EXCELLED IN MATH TOO FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!" Not so much if you thought that 4 billionth of a percent of 3 billion was 100.
Informed Attractiveness: Kel calls Rosechu "as beautiful as a rose."
Informed Attribute: All of the Rosechus in this comic only act as a Satellite Character for their respective Sonichu and play up rather outdated female archetypes. In Mailbag #7 he assigned each of them personalities (one even said to be a Tomboy) which are never even hinted at in the comics.
Chris must really like this trope; when his fans point out that his characters lack personality and that he forces characters into poorly written relationships, he simply responds with something like "My characters Have Personality" or "they both knew that they were just meant to be together. Take it at face value" and doesn't even bother to elaborate on this (never mind doing something crazy, like actually showing this in the comic).
In The Hood: Jason Kendrick Howell conceals his Eyepatch Of Power with a voluminous cloak.
In The Name Of The Moon: Chris and his "dream sibling" Crystal often announce their status of warriors of love and honesty, while Sailor Megtune is fond of these speeches as well.
Jossed: Chris attempted to disprove a popular fan theory that Yawning Squirtle, Boulder-Dropping Whale and Bill The Scientist are trapped on the Moon with their friends (Metal Sonichu, Kel, Allison Amber and large amounts of weed, among others), claiming that Squirtle and Whale were caught by Pokémon trainers and showing Bill working as a doctor in CWCville. Christian's fans, however, generally disregarded this development.
Some trolls suspected that Lovely Weather, Christian's "future wife" from Sonichu 10, was based on his ex-sweetheart "The Wallflower", but Chris claimed that wasn't the case.
Kamehame Hadoken: Christian's "Curse-ye-ha-me-ha," which is tragically performed in real life in a non-parodical manner.
He even used it to curse (real life) Mary Lee Walsh... and he apparently did it in her presence, while she was giving him a stern lecture in her office.
Kangaroo Court: The Asperpedia trolls' trial in the Sonichu 10 finale, complete with a clearly biased judge and crappy defence attorney.
Kudzu Plot: Not a traditional example of this, because the story isn't really all that complex, but people who read both the comic and have followed the real-life drama probably can't help but feel that there's just no way Chris can tie up the trolling-inspired plot threads into anything resembling a comprehensible whole. (If Chris bothers at all, that is.) Thus far, Billy Mays was introduced as Chris's "bodyguard" out of the blue (never seen before, likely never to be seen again), one "galpal"'s house got blown up with no good explanation, and the readers are supposed to be on the edge of their seats and thrilled to find out how Chris will handle the Ivy plotline now that she's gone and he has gone through one more girlfriend in real life. But never worry! Chris apparently solved all of the plotholes by bringing in Transformers.
And Ivy has been confirmed as to be HUNG by elevator wires!
Kudzu Plot meets the machete.
Lampshade Hanging: Quoth Mary Lee Walsh, "Eh... first we've had the parodic transformations, now we actually have a pretty girl sailor soldier? What a kooky world."
Lazy Artist: Particularly in recent comics, Chris often skimps on actual drawing in his comic. Many pages just consist of characters (bodies often optional) floating in white space surrounded by a fortress of text describing scenes he didn't feel like showing the viewers. His justification is that other comics have "loads of dialogue" and that doing it this way saves marker ink.
Legion Of Doom: In issue 7, all the previous villains (excluding Metal Sonichu) team up and try to take over CWCville.
Lego Genetics: Chris apparently believes that homosexuality is genetic, and during his stay in the time void, his comic self donated some of his "untainted straight blood" for the creation of an anti-gay vaccine, which he intends to use to wipe homosexuality off the face of the Earth. You Fail Biology Forever is an understatement.
Life Embellished: 90% of the comic, especially the sub-episodes. And because it's life embellished, Chris gets to win his fights and explain why he's right and his enemies wrong.
Chris has, as of the end of issue 9, promised to not include anything from his real life in future issues. The claim remains dubious since Chris is not exactly known for being humble, and he seems to have no plans of getting rid of his Author Avatar. He broke his promise starting with the very first page of the next issue, which once again revolved arond him getting revenge on those who've 'wronged' him in real life.
Limited Wardrobe: Chris is almost exclusively depicted in his "Ernie Shirt."
Loads And Loads Of Characters: There are tons of characters in this comic, all of which are either characters from different canons, poor rip-offs of characters from different canons, or people from real-life who have the misfortune to find themselves in CWCville.
As of Issue 10 there are 174 characters in the series.
Lolicon: Zapina, who "just turned 14-years cute," wants to pose nude for women's rights just like all the other female characters, but in a bizarre inversion of There Should Be A Law can't because of those "dumb" laws. Bonus squick points for the "dumb laws" comment being made by one of the adult characters, not Zapina.
Villain Jason Howell is portrayed as having a leashed 17-year-old girlfriend/slave with whom he does things "illegal in all 50 states." Mostly this is a case of Did Not Do The Research, because in most American states, the age of consent is 16 or 17. Though since owning a slave is illegal, technically anything you do to her is likely illegal.
In a possible subversion, "Lolisa" Rosechu is the oldest Rosechu at age 20.
MacGuffin: The seven Sonichu Balls (not what you're thinking, though Sonichu's genitalia are examined in worrisome detail in issue #8 exactly what you're thinking), reminiscent of the Dragon Balls and Chaos Emeralds. Their full powers have yet to be explored, and though it was likely they would have be used to bring Chris back from his bus trip, even this theory proves incorrect as Magi-chan simply brings Chris back with his generously used powers. It turns out they make God Mode Sues even more Godlike.
A Man Is Not A Virgin: Averted. As in Real Life, the comic version of Chris is fully committed to his "Love Quest", and isn't shy about declaring to the world that he is still a virgin. A Virgin With Rage, to be precise.
Subverted: In Sonichu 10, he has sex with his future wife, having mistaken him for the Chris she married.
Mary Suetopia: CWCville, where all benefit from the wise and magnanimous rule of Christian Weston Chandler. "Tobacky" and alcohol are banned, though the mayor has eventually abandoned his principles and gotten on the booze.
The Mayor Who Doesn't Do Anything: Despite being CWCville's mayor, Chris delegates his duties to assistant, former movie star Allison Amber (who quit her glamorous film career to pursue her life-long dream of doing menial labour for an insane manchild), leaving him free to loiter around business as part of his Love Search or fight the forces of evil.
Medium Blending: Several comics feature stills of Chris in place of the drawn version interacting with drawn characters. Unfortunately it's as seamless as it was in Cool World, but even more awkward and creepy as he either brings his dog back to life through artwork or performs a horrible self-penned Power Rangers-inspired song with his characters reconfigured into a circa-1999 Boy Band. The pictures are ill-posed in addition to make Chris seem even more out of place.
Not to mention he actually confesses right out a shirt picked to wear for one of the scenes "was in the laundry pile."
Memetic Mutation: How the comic and its creator became "famous" amongst the Image Board crowd, and, like a virus, has now spread to TV Tropes.
Mind Screw: Basically the entire comic, albeit unintentionally.
Misamimed Fandom: The comics are aimed at kids and teenagers, yet contain gratuitous sex scenes and often center around Chris's personal life and problems, things that kids don't need to see and wouldn't be interested in, respectively. Beyond that, almost the entirety of his audience is made up of Image Board trolls, which is even sadder considering how frequently Chris tries to appeal to his "true and loyal fanbase", which doesn't even exist.
One troll tactic was to try to give Chris the impression that Sonichu had acquired a Misaimed Fandom in the gay community. A fake paper was also written, detailing the supposed homosexual subtext of Sonichu. Christian Weston Chandler is a raging homophobe with strong hints of "self-hating closet case", so it shouldn't be hard for you to imagine how he reacted.
Mismatched Eyes: Chris, both in the comics and in Real Life, although the comic severely exaggerates this trait. Naitsirhc, being (at least in theory) Chris's opposite, has a red right and orange left eye.
Mood Whiplash: "Panda died! Boo hoo for 2 frames! Let's go kick some Transformer ass like nothing happened!" A weird example of the trope in that the characters have an uncanny ability to completely forget that something absolutely awesome or something devastatingly tragic happened. It's as if the characters didn't notice the change of the mood in the situations.
Moral Dissonance: As noted above, the Jerkops are made up, at least in part, of people under mind control. It is never implied that the heroes attempt to break this control or even that they feel remorse over having to pulverise innocents (mentally deficient innocents, no less).
He blows up a building that offered free webservice because they didn't have good enough security features, then collapses another full of Jerk Asses because they were mean to him. He brushes off these things or celebrates them.
Moral Event Horizon: Alec and crew kill Simonla, and in response they are put through what can be best described as a Joker Jury before being found guilty and sentenced by the judge all at the same hearing, without the jury being given any time to deliberate. They are then sentenced to an execution where just about every character in the comic who was ever portrayed positively takes part in a wrathful execution of the whole bunch, involving mutilation and children taking part. We're then treated to a speech written by Chris in which he berates everyone for fighting about anything and talks about how his birthday will solve everything bad in the world ever.
While the final scene was unquestionably the most disgusting and horrible, it wasn't the Moral Event Horizon; that came much earlier when Chris destroyed a building full of innocent people and killed about 100 of them for making fun of him on the internet, made even worse by the fact that up until that point the characters of the comic didn't kill their enemies. The torture scene was awful, but by that point the characters were already irredeemable.
Right after that there was an intended example, where Meg Griffin (who Chris has a crush on) gushes over Chris and even kisses him, but is then revealed to be Silvana. It doesn't work, though, due to all of the comic's supposed antagonists being more likable than the heroes.
A lot of the things the real Chris has said, talked about, and even spoken about can evoke this. One could say that him drawing porn of Megan is this (Chris says that he had to do it, or he could have possibly went too far), laughing at 9/11, and wishing the deaths of all the people who troll him. Suffice to say, the Author Avatar is only marginally worse, it's even worse when you consider that the comic is his own sick Wish Fulfillment.
Wish Fulfillment? He actually believes that fiction exists in a Who Framed Roger Rabbit-esque dimension. Which means... he ruined Wild Mass Guessing FOREVER!
Most Common Super Power: Mary Lee Walsh has this not just in fanart, but in the later issues as well.
My Girl Is A Slut: Pretty much every single goddamn Rosechu in this comic. When they're not out shopping, they're either having sex or stripping "for women's rights." And let's not even get into "Rage Against the Garbage"...
Tropes from the comic: N-Z
Narm: "Well, after eating my eight daily McNuggets, I'm ready to pull out my Attraction Sign and get a Boyfriend-Free Girl". Among so many, many others.
Episode 14 contains these two awesomely out-of-context lines: "My two balls!" and "I cannot be deprived of my balls."
Episode 6: "Ow! I hurt in three places!"
Simonla's death scene was particularly hilarious. She died from an exploding toilet.
The scene from Sonichu 10 where Chris yells "I AM A MAN!" and punches a guy is quite narmy in itself thanks to being badly drawn (even by Christian's usual standards) as well as being a part of obvious author's Wish Fulfillment, but it's also made unintentionally funny when you notice its (probably not intended) similarity to certain reviewer's Catch Phrase.
"I set my ASS ON FIRE!"
Narm Charm: Barely qualifies. Some parts contain enough typos and awful dialogue to evoke the awesomeness that is Half Life Full Life Consequences, but not enough to really make the comic enjoyable on its own.
Name's The Same: Crystal Weston Chandler the "dream sibling" of Chris, and Crystal Weston Chandler the divinely-ordained future daughter of Chris, as revealed by God and Jesus in his dreams. The trolls are having a field day with the Freudian implications of all this.
Nightmare Fuel: The Giant Penis Comic, and the rest of Chris' Rule 34 artwork.
Nightmare Fuel Coloring Book: All of Chris' art looks like one of these. He draws at the level of an eight year old, but depicts everything from disembowelment to finger-fucking.
Non Indicative Name: The Chaotic Combo does not produce chaos on a regular basis. Magi-chan is a psychic walking Deus Ex Machina, not a magician or wizard. Bionic the Hedgehog is 100% organic; he is not a cyborg, an android, or a robot. Collosal-chan is no bigger than Christian unless you consider obesity equivalent to size. Super Chris-chan Sonichu is just Chris-chan Sonichu with some wing hairclips on. We still have no idea what Merried Senior Comic is supposed to even mean.
Not Right In The Bed: This is how Bubbles Rosechu discovers her lover is really resident shapeshifting hermaphrodite Silvana, except it happened during public sex...
They never really got around to the sex. But this is still after an all-powerful psychic warned her that it was a trap. And after the creation of Chris's Girl Of The Week found the real Blake and called to warn her.
Offhand Backhand: Done by Chris to a Jerkop in Sub-Episode 1.
Off Model: The character designs are barely consistent. Case in point: a Jerkop that went from square to spherical within the same page.
The Only One Allowed To Defeat You: Sonichu saves Mary Lee Walsh Slaweel Ryam's life in episode 20 because "the final blow belongs to Christian." Seeing as how he claims he's being Put On A Bus for good, that blow will never come. Chris returned immediately, had a heart-to-heart talk with Slaweel, learned about her Freudian Excuse, declared he'll never forgive her anyway and beat her up, paralyzing her in the process.
Only Sane Man: Perhaps unintentionally, Magi-Chan appears to be the only sane resident of CWCville, as he just doesn't seem to care about "sweethearts".
Because he knows the future and knows he'll end up with Silvana. Which may indicate he's just surrendered to the madness.
Chris stated in the CWCipedia article about Magi-Chan that he and Silvana are already in love. And because Chris doesn't like to waste time on building his characters' relationships, in the future issues of Sonichu the two will almost certainly be shown as being a couple already.
Orphaned Series: If not one already, then at least speedily headed that way, or so many fans believe; the comic hasn't seen any substantial updates in months (we'd call it a Schedule Slip if Chris had ever actually had a schedule), and it's clear to many people that, now that he is out of school, jobless, living at home, and has little reason left to even leave his room (having successfully managed to get himself banned from almost any place in his small town he considers worth visiting), Chris, along with his deteriorating health, is rapidly becoming lazier than ever; in March 2010, he made a particularly nasty post on his blog viciously lashing out at fans who dared suggest that he consider updating the comic, strongly indicating that even drawing the comic, the one mildly non-passive activity he seems to have ever somewhat enjoyed, is looking more and more like work to him. Combine this with the fact that he has recently officially relinquished the CWCipedia (the site where he used to post the comic), and chances of any updates in the foreseeable future look more and more remote.
The series has been picked up by Vivian and Alec and have claimed Sonichu as their own due to the way Chris filled out the copyright form which left a loophole. Sonichu Series 2 is currently getting daily updates.
Orwellian Editor: Chris has gone back to earlier comics and changed the names of characters based off of real life people. Mary Lee Walsh was given a new name and he denies that she was based on his college dean, but that the character was meant an evil clone of her... or something. Which was never mentioned at all in the originals, of course.
In point of fact, his retcon was that the character in the comic is the "original" Mary Lee Walsh (and, in particular, the Dean of his college) who was replaced, in the real world, by a good counterpart. Yes, rather than retconning just in the comic, he retcons real life.
Made more baffling when he thinks he can solve the "copyright" problems around Simonla Rosechu by stating a retraction and claiming that Simonchu wasn't the source of inspiration.
Also, he edited a comment in the mailbag section about the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." The original comment was "Let Obama repeal the policy, then the homos can go die in explosions," and he changed it to something less offensive after backlash ensued.
The preservation of Chris's... "antics" seems to be one big reason the CWCki exists.
Painful Rhyme: "Sonichu's Ode to Rosechu" uses lance/radiance, and the more obvious tweet/heartsweet. Groan.
Pair The Spares: When Layla and Punchy hook up, Reginald (who'd had a crush on Layla) and Angelica (who Punchy use to have a crush on) follow suit... after Reginald tells Angelica how he tried to sabotage Layla and Punchy hooking up and she decided he was justified in doing so.
Pals With Jesus: Both God and Jesus (aka GodJesus) have appeared in-comic to congratulate Ivy on being Chris' future mate. Since Ivy was a troll, this raises some interesting theological questions.
So Chris thinks he's Christ? (Get it?)
Panty Shot: Later episodes have a lot of shots of Rosechu's panties, one of which even got Chris banned from DeviantART the second time. Presumably intended as Fan Service, but Rosechu's questionable age and furriness combined with Chris' terrible art make it Fetish Retardant instead.
Parody Retcon: Chris believes that calling his comic a parody will allow him to make money off it. Yeah. Even though it doesn't really parody either Sonic or Pokémon (or any of the other countless shows it references) so much as it slavishly imitates them when Chris isn't wangsting about his nonexistent love life. Evidence suggests that Chris doesn't even know what a parody is, and thinks of it as just a magic word he can use to stave off lawsuits.
It's worth mentioning that pretty much all "fan" creations are true parodies/satires, and Chris gets riled up when someone makes a parody of his (non-original) work.
He made his version of characters from Asperchu who are based on characters on Sonichu who are "parodies" of Pikachu and Sonic, making it a case of a parody of a parody of a parody.
Then the Asperchu comics parodied that, so now we have parodies of parodies of parodies of parodies. Whew!
Poe's Law: Many optimists out there refuse to believe that Sonichu and its creator aren't just elaborate satires of fanfic culture, so-much-so that the CWCki specifically addresses the issue in its FAQ.
Pokémon Confusion: Your average CWCville Pokémon has about a 50/50 chance of being either a regular Pokémon or a humanoid Poké-person with clothes and Non Mammal Mammaries.
Plagiarism: All of the jokes in Sonichu are lifted verbatim from Family Guy, Excel Saga, Monty Python and various Adult Swim shows. Bonus fail points for often reproducing them without the context that made them funny. Many of the drawings are actually traced from other images - which is pretty surprising, because one would expect traced artwork to, you know, look as good as the original artwork. No such luck here.
Plot Hole: Chris eventually makes it "legal for all homosexuals to do as they please within the city", unaware that just a few pages before, he "cured" homosexuality.
Plot Relevant Age Up: The daughter of Wild and Simonla transformed from a Rosey into Sandy Rosechu and gained intellectual abilities of a fourth-grader in a mere week since her birth (just in time to participate in Asperpedia trolls' execution). In retrospect, this event - clearly proving that Sonichus and Rosechus don't age at the same rate as people do - makes Christian's decision to age them all up to 18 even more pointless.
This also has interesting implications for Sonichu's and Rosechu's kids, which, by contrast, haven't matured since at least Sonichu 9. If Chris is to be believed, happiness and friendship influence evolution of Sonichus and Rosechus. Sandy, despite losing her mother, apparently was happy enough to reach her next evolutionary level in a week; CWCki people were quick to point out that it indicates that Sonichu's and Rosechu's kids don't evolve because they are very unhappy, most likely because Sonichu and Rosechu are unbelievably bad parents.
Potty Failure: Happens to Reldnahc once. Also to Chris himself, as his bad health has given him slight fecal incontinence, and he's not at all ashamed to admit that he does this.
On that spoiler, there is some linkage between autism and lack of bowel control. I'm not sure if it's only correlational, but I do believe I heard this somewhere.
It was revealed that Chris's awfully bad nutrition (never drinks water, never eats fresh fruit or fresh vegetables, lives off nothing but fast food, soda and assorted candy) are the source of his digestive problems and chronical constipation/fecal incontinence. His erratic behavior is also worsened by all the sugar and caffeine present on his diet.
The Power Of Rock: Used to demolish the 4-Cent Garbage building by, believe it or not, using Guitar Hero/Rock Revolution instruments to sing a song about how much better Power Rangers used to be, sung to the tune of Cat Scratch Fever.
Power Trio: Subverted. Chris, Sarah Hammer and Wes Iseli were destined to stop the evil Count Graduon, but Chris wrote both of them out of the comic after he met Megan.
Product Placement: And he's not even paid to endorse products.
Protagonist Centered Morality: Did you "wrong" Chris in Real Life? It doesn't matter what your intentions were, you'll be portrayed as a love-hating, autistic-kicking troll in his comic!
This has gotten so ridiculous that the heroes have actually committed much worse actions than the villains, but the villains are portrayed as unquestionably evil for the simple fact that Chris doesn't like them.
Protection From Editors: A fundamental part of what makes Chris and his comic so infamous - everything he writes and draws goes online practically unfiltered, resulting in several mailbag complaints, retcons and backhanded apologies, many of which would not have been necessary in the first place if Chris had bothered to recruit an editor. The CWCipedia's SysOp is essentially the closest thing Chris has to an editor, but usually her notes to Chris come far after the damage has already been done.
Psychic Powers: Magi-Chan, complete with Pstandard Psychic Pstances.
Punch Clock Villain: In real life, "Jerkops" (mall security) are just doing their jobs, though in-universe they're explicitly evil and hate love, and especially despise virgins like Chris.
Put On A Bus: Several. Metal Sonichu is still up on the moon, waiting for his comeback; chances are, Chris has forgotten about him completely. Sarah Hammer, aka Saramah Rosechu, disappeared from the comic after she got married to Jack's Knight William Spicer. Chris's dream sister, Crystal Weston Chandler was removed when she was trapped in the "dark mirror" by Mary Lee Walsh and Count Graduon. All the characters promised to go and rescue her, but the next comic was about them going on spring break and having lots of sex, and Crystal hasn't been mentioned again until Chris goes God Mode Sue and ties up the loose ends as quickly as possible. Jiggliami and Blanca were shooed off the comic after Chris's breakup with Blanca (a troll in disguise), with a footnote explaining that Jiggliami went away and had a successful career. Christian himself was removed for a brief period of time after he was lost in the time void. Then he came back, and left again, explicitly announcing that he won't be back and is going to leave the story to its title character.
He broke his promise on the very first page of Issue 10. Then again, the entire issue is basically Chris taking a machete to the Kudzu Plot.
Put On A Bus To Hell/Bus Crash: Chris's real-life "sweethearts" who all just so happen to die (such as PandaHalo or Ivy) are memorialized in the comics by dying even more horrible deaths. Chris seems to think that since they died in real life, it's his duty to replicate and exaggerate their gruesome demises in the comic. And yet his dead dog is still a recurring character.
Chris attempted to justify this by claiming that if the women had come to him, he might have kept them alive in the comic.
Which, since they did die in real life as far as Chris knows, is physically impossible. Until you realize Chris believes people who go to Heaven when they die can come back whenever they want.
Then he took out two of his enemy characters not through an honorable fight, but having them realize homosexuality is wrong, that Chris was right, and suddenly be content to commit suicide by jumping down their building's 72-story elevator shaft (which is 72 floors because the building which contained evil was 66+6 floors tall. Obviously, making it 666 feet tall wouldn't have been logical). Never mind that there are so many better options to change their ways besides death.
Rape Is Okay When It's Female On Male: Rosechu's heroic "face-rape" of Jason Kendrick Howell, a clear victory for the forces of good.
Real Life Writes The Plot: Interfere with Chris' love quest or troll him hard enough, and you too could appear in an issue of Sonichu to be beaten up by mutant hedgehogs.
Throughout January and February 2010 he was repeatedly ordered to kill Simonla Rosechu because she was based on Asperpedia contributor Evan's character, and Evan didn't want her in the comic anymore. After persistently refusing, Chris lost his site. He then decided to finally kill Simonla in order to get his site back. After her death scene, Magi-Chan stated that he knew who killed Simonla. And what a surprise - turns out that Asperpedia trolls were behind it. So Chris has them all tortured to death.
Also, he immediately weaseled out of Simonla's death by introducing her nearly-identical daughter to the comic. Since that's just another gender-flipped version of Simonchu (who thanks to the additional spines, actually looks more like Simonchu than Simonla did), we can probably expect the site to get shut down again pretty soon.
Retcon: Several. Chris changed the names of characters who are based on real people, because a troll posing as Shigeru Miyamoto tricked him into it. Chris has independently changed names and drawings he feared could be viewed as homosexual subtext, most noticeably a Splash Panel which has been entirely redrawn due to its original rainbow background, and several drawings of a Raichu were redrawn to change the shape of its tail, proving Rosechu evolved from a female Raichu to alleviate Viewer Gender Confusion. CWCki has a more in-depth list of retcons here.
The funny thing about the Rosechu issue is that he could have just said that the design of Rosechu was before most Pokemon had distinctions between genders (the exceptions being the Nidorans).
Rouge Angles Of Satin and Wanton Cruelty To The Common Comma: Both in the comic itself and in anything else he writes. Even though he types out his comic's dialogue, he doesn't bother to spell-check, so some rather terrible typos slip through - even though he has had no trouble whatsoever going back and altering captions and dialogue for the sake of retconning (and when he does, he neglects to fix his typos along with it). He also has a tendency in written correspondence to go ALLCAPS or Randomly Capitalize Words for no Reason Whatsoever.
He even has a character named Merried Seinor Comic.
It is "last rites," NOT "last rights."
My favorite recurring Sonichu typo is "dood" for "good."
Rule 34: Not only does the creator make 34 of his own characters (and people he knows from real life) and upload it to Encyclopedia Dramatica in "protest" of the site, but his "fans" are also more than willing to draw their own.
Chris sometimes even encourages his "fans" to draw 34 for him, including one instance where he demanded that a troll draw a picture of Rosechu "masturbatin' and squirtin'" to make up for slash art of himself and Sonichu.
Running The Asylum: Apparently after finishing Sonichu 10 Chris decided that playing video games and raging against CWCki is more interesting than updating his comic, and thus he stopped updating it. At the end of April 2010 his TRUE and HONEST fans realized that if they want to see new issues they have to draw them themselves - which they did, and then found a way to make the CWCipedia Sysop upload them to Christian's wiki. So far the fans' run resulted in the deaths of Bubbles, Sandy, Wild and Sonichu's and Rosechu's kids (and technically also Angelica, though apparently she got better), Sonichu and Rosechu breaking up and Christian's Sonic recolors finally realizing that the mayor of CWCville is somewhat incompetent. Sadly Chris couldn't stand someone writing and drawing better than he does and removed fan-created pages.
At the end of May 2010 Vivian Gee took control of CWCipedia and started uploading her new comic "Sonichu Season 2" to the wiki.
Sailor Earth: Sailor Megtune.
Schedule Slip: It only took Chris six days to start slipping when he finally set up a regular schedule for himself after Kacey and her father told him off for being such a slacker - before that, updates could come any number of months apart, and it apparently took several years to finish the first issue after Sonichu's inception. Even so, Chris plans his comics far in advance (with previews for forthcoming issues already available), so he really has no reason for his Schedule Slips other than being a Lazy Artist.
After being called out on his Schedule slips several times, Chris wrote a Character Filibuster that says he doesn't need one. And later he wrote an entire rant on this subject, claiming (among other things) that Honest, True and Loyal fans are as bad as trolls and Mary Lee Walsh if they want him to update his comic regularly.
The Scrappy: Sonichu and Rosechu's kids. To quote CWCki: "The children are widely hated by everybody. Even more so than the other characters". This is saying a lot.
They also have slight hints of The Wesley in them, since Chris-chan seems to favor them and think they are adorable, but then, he thinks all of his characters are good, so the only difference between the Sonees and Rosees and all the others is that the babies are just hated more.
Screw Learning I Have Phlebotinum: Somehow, getting smacked with a powered-up hedgehog or a rainbow instantly gives wild rodents the ability to talk and reason like humans.
Sdrawkcab Name: Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc.
Sealed Evil In A Can: Count Graduon, the oddly named evil spirit defeated long ago by the Cherokee and Wasabi tribes.
Secret Relationship: Bubbles and Blake keep their relationship a secret because... well, it's never really stated.
Self Deprecation: Chris has (likely unintentionally) done this a couple of times, as in one scene where Sonichu thinks to himself that Chris's love quest is doomed to failure, and another where Rosechu, having just been informed that Chris has a date, has a reaction of utter shock and disbelief.
Selfcest: Averted; his future wife ended up having sex with him under the pretense that he was his future self.
Sex As Rite Of Passage: A recurring theme. Many trolls believe that Chris is only doing his Love Quest because sex is a "grown up thing", as sex would be rather painful with his bent penis and the fact he seems to take a very long time to climax (the man can't run around for 40 seconds without breathing heavy).
Shallow Love Interest: Rosechu. She pretty much only exists to show that Sonichu is STRAIGHT.
Ivy O'Neil in the comics can be considered this too. She's told by God and Jesus that her true love is to be Chris himself once he escapes from the mirror, and she accepts this without question or protest. She's pretty much not characterised at all, either.
In fact, every single female character is this. Chris really doesn't care about anyone except himself, to he makes all the male characters either heroic clones of himself or one-dimensional villains, and he makes all the female characters into sex objects so passive they'd make Bella Swan look like Britomart.
Shilling The Wesley: Chris in the comic. His hedgehogs have nothing but praise for him.
Shock And Awe: Sonichu, like most Electric Hedgehog Pokémon, is ostensibly a lightning user.
Oddly, even though most of the characters are described as "Electric Hedgehog Pokémon," Sonichu is the only one who uses electric powers with any kind of regularity, because they either have secondary typing that they focus on (the Chaotic Combo) or aren't Electric-type at all. (Jamsta, Lolisa and Simonla). It still doesn't explain why the pure Normal-type Jamsta and Lolisa or the Ground/Bug-type Simonla are still classified as Electric Hedgehog Pokemon.
Shout Out: There are several intended shoutouts throughout the series, but they all come off as (or, using the eponymous character as a hint, are) ripoffs.
Show, Don't Tell: Completely inverted. Massive walls of text explain everything that's happening, characters will discuss things that any other writer would leave offscreen (i.e. an entire page dedicated to a character getting a soda, with a conversation about getting the change for the soda machine; or Chris and his clone Sammy discussing the difference between their medallions), and as pointed out above, has entire action scenes skipped over in favor of the characters just talking about what happened. It basically boils down to him thinking everyone is as thick-headed as he is, and thus everything has to be thoroughly explained.
This also applies to the personalities of his characters. Yes, they do have personalities. Yes, you do need to take a deeper look. No, they never, ever display this. And even then he doesn't follow that, expecting the reader to understand that a character isn't really like that and it's just an example of his "Random Access Humor." And most ironically, the one character who has this as a trait, Punchy Sonichu, never shows this.
And how does Chris himself justify this? By saying that explaining things in text takes much less time and effort, letting him put out more pages faster and saving on his markers.
Sickeningly Sweethearts: Sonichu and Rosechu. To a lesser extent, the other couples count too.
Sissy Villain: Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc. Because he's gay, after all.
So Bad It's Horrible: My Immortal has a sort of grandeur to it, since it has been (possibly) carefully constructed to be as terrible as possible. This is no parody. This is a man's life - his failures, his neuroses, his fantasies, his warped worldview, proudly displayed for the world on paper and pixels. Reading Sonichu and learning about its author is nothing less than a descent into someone's personal hell, made all the more terrible for the fact that the author intends for the experience to entertain people. That they would purchase it. There is no joy, no fun in CWCville - there is only layer upon layer of horror.
Species Surname: Most Sonichus and Rosechus.
Spotlight Stealing Squad: The comic eventually centers mostly on Chris and his troubles, at least until he gets Put On A Bus.
Squick: "Highlights" of Issue #8 include detailed descriptions on how Sonichu sex works, the aforementioned Rosechu "photoshoot", and resident anti-hero Black Sonichu unwittingly having sex with a hermaphrodite Rosechu. Other issues include "face rape" and cameltoe crotchshots.
One of the big sources of the squickiness comes from the fact that this looks like a kid-drawn comic - badly drawn figures, general lack of details - but then you notice that there are disturbing little details in the comic that the did manage to include. Sometimes you can't even notice them the first time you read the comic. As in "Oh my God...he's...he drew...that's a bloody codpiece, that's what it is."
Even more bonus squick points for the Rosechu photoshoot being traced from porn... including Meg Griffin and Transformers porn.
In issue 11, one of the baby Rosechus is playing the Virgin Mary in a school play, she says "I'm the Virgin Mary, that's my story and I'm sticking to it."* This line is quoted verbatim from Family Guy.
Stay In The Kitchen: Rosechu, strictly speaking, should be at least as powerful as Sonichu (in fact, she should actually be more powerful since she evolved from a Raichu), but her life revolves around shopping (and spending too much money when she does it), giving gifts to Sonichu, and getting kidnapped. This is even her entire storyline in Chris's hypothetical Sonichu game.
Strangled By The Red String: Every single couple.
Punchy is hinted to have a crush on Angelica. Then he ends up with Layla Flaaffy.
Bubbles is with Black Sonichu Blachu Blake. They hide their relationship for no clear reason.
When Reldnahc is about to be cured of his homosexuality, there is talk of him getting back together with Kel. There is no mention of this in earlier chapters.
Reportedly, Chris has tried this in real life. Seriously, he walked around the mall trailing a piece of red string with a construction paper heart, in the hope that he could "catch" a girlfriend with it, like with a fishing rod. That's fucked up.
Strawman Has A Point: Sean's drug induced rant.
Stuffed Into The Fridge: In Issue 9, PandaHalo was burned alive and Ivy was strangled by elevator wire.
Stylistic Suck: Chris' imitation of Alec's art style in Issue 10, which he considers "badly drawn" and significantly inferior to his Hand-Drawn True and Original artwork. Chris trying to draw badly deliberately is a sight to behold, considering his standards. It should also be considered that in imitating Alec's interpretation of the cast of Sonichu, themselves Sonic The Hedgehog recolors, Chris essentially created a copy of a copy of a copy.
Super Empowering: Chris can give people, like his dog, superpowers.
Sure Why Not: Chris's adaptation of the Sonichu Fan Promo series in Issue 9, one of the few troll-created fanworks that Chris has actually approved (with minor alterations). He didn't realize it was designed to mock him.
The disparity of naming the Sonichu species after the eponymous hero despite it being canon that he was not the oldest living member of said species was quickly pointed out. When a 'fan' asked Chris if this was because same characters had lived in isolation from anyone qualified to classify them, Chris quickly latched onto this solution.
Surfer Dude: Jamsta Sonichu is supposed to fill this role (see note on Totally Radical below). Comes off as a Dumbass DJ instead.
Suspiciously Similar Substitute: Chris was forced to kill off the character Simonla (NSFW). He immediately has her replaced by her daughter Sandy who is the exact same character with some minor athstetic differences. She immediately gets revenge on the person responsible for her mother's death while saying "At least I will not have this issue to deal with in my teen years..." ensuring she won't have any angst to define her as a character.
Take That: Chris inserts people he doesn't like (Mary Lee Walsh, "Jerkops", Jason Kendrick Howell, "Clyde Cash", etc.) into the comic so that he can beat up on them. Ironically, the villains end up being the only characters who are likable (given this comic, that's not saying much). Also, this could be considered a reversed trope, mostly because the people which Chris presents as villains tend to mock Chris' pathetic attempts at "revenge" (Like Jason) or simply ignore it (Like Wes Iseli).
Take That Us: An unintentional one happens during Sean's stoned rant.
"Uh..Yeah, we fee-our lost patience wit Chris-Chum; he makes bum promises of constant updurts on his web-be-vurse of quack-e-pedia, and he is lazy."
Talking To Himself: In Christian's "official" Sonichu audiobooks and "A Sonichu Day" video all characters are voiced (horribly) by Chris.
And thanks to the Actor Rule, Jason, king of trolls, is Chris. Chris is his greatest troll.
Tastes Like Diabetes: The Sonees and Roseys, Sonichu's and Rosechu's children especially. In fact, their "cuteness" is so annoying that they're probably the most hated out of all of Chris's creations, which is saying a lot!
Thirty Sue Pileup: Christian Weston Chandler (Author Avatar, also a God Mode Sue* With the power stored in his Medallion High School Ring, he can become Chris-Chan Sonichu, a very powerful entity who has a singular weak spot, which has been targeted a grand total of twice, and can defeat most of Chris's enemies with only a little effort. Even without his Sonichu form, he has Combo Platter Powers out the woz. He can use all other Sonichu powers, magic spells, Yu-Gi-Oh! cards turned real, and psychic powers. He's even got an Autobot for a car. Even before the comic began, Chris was a frigging Power Ranger. He's so powerful that he essentially negates the point of the title character even existing. Chris appeared to realize this after his "fans" informed him of this, and comic book Chris eventually left the story, with the promise that he'd give Sonichu back the spotlight. Needless to say, Chris broke his promise and his character not only returned, but also was made even more powerful.), Sonichu (an idealized Christian Weston Chandler, also a Copy Cat Sue), Rosechu (an Author Appeal Mary Sye), Reginald Sneasel (a backup Sue for Chris while he's in the time void), but especially, especially, Chris-Chan Sonichu (a God Mode Sue/Copy Cat Sue), as well as...
Purity Sue: Rosechu, Sailor Megtune, Christian Weston Chandler.
Villain Sue: From the troll perspective, Christian Weston Chandler.
Apparently Chris concluded that his Author Avatar, despite being God Mode Sue, isn't overpowered enough, so in Sonichu 10 he turned him into Collosal Chris Chan [sic]. So that would be... More Than Infinite God Mode Sue?
Fun fact: A comment on this very page was the original inspiration for Thirty Sue Pileup.
Black Hole Sue: Chris again.
Totally Radical: The characters' use of slang is rather outdated for a comic that's supposed to take place in the noughties, and Chris seems to obtain most of his music knowledge from Guitar Hero. Would someone who was up on all his youth culture terminology name a character "Jamsta Sonichu"?
Let's also not forget the "zap to the extreme" line, quoted on this very page.
A line judging from when the comic started and Totally Radical parody character Johnny Extreme was at his extremest, was stolen directly from X-Play.
And has anyone ever referred to sex as "we did the do?"
Transformation Trinket: The Sonichu Medallion allows Chris to transform into his super-powered fursona. Until the real-life medallion was destroyed by trolls. Then Chris retconned that it was actually his high school ring that gave him his powers, thus creating a new MacGuffin for his hatedom.
Tsundere: Subverted. Chris thinks that Bubbles Rosechu is one of these, but really she's as two dimensional as Liquid's medal.
Ultimate Evil: Count Graduon, the embodiment of Chris's humiliation at his high school graduation.
Unfortunate Implications: Chris's attitude towards black people seems a bit un-PC. He's also a raging homophobe, but there's nothing implicit about that.
To say nothing of the fact that the Jerkops are all hypnotized "slow-minded/mentally handicapped adults" as mentioned in Sub-Episode 6.
As mentioned elsewhere, his female characters are a collection of chauvinistic stereotypes who only exist for male masturbatory pleasure.
In a video, he dressed in a Native American costume and enacted every stereotype while saying he was gonna get the trolls.
His "Ancient leader of the Cherokian clan" looks more like an Ancient Roman than a Cherokee.
In a blog post he said the people with Asperger Syndrome could "fake it" that they "SHUN" austictic people by being better "Communicatevly and socially" than them, and that "VICTORY OVER AUTISM BELONGS ONLY TO US TRUE AUTISTIC PEOPLE" (He wrote it in all caps as if it were a motto).
The gay vaccine.
Even more damning, when asked about Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church, he said he shares views with him.
Chris's "future wife" in the comics Lovely Weather asked Chris to have sex with her. Thinking that she was Future!Chris. It seems as if he thinks it's okay to have sex with someone under false pretenses.
"I am the Great Director Chandler!" regarding how he is free to do whatever he wants to anything Sonichu related. Great Director Chandler of The True and Honest Lovers' City of CWCville, hum?
There's also his "Girl Coupon".
His thoughts on being just friends with heterosexual women. He actually believes that it's just an excuse for a woman to withold sex from a man. Apparently it's never the other way around.
Unsound Effect: *teleports in* No doubt there are many others. They're all mostly based on Pokemon moves since 99% of the characters are Pokemon.
Unstoppable Rage: When Jason Kendrick Howell throws a pickle at Rosechu, she snaps, strips naked, and claws the shit out of his head while face-raping him.
Unusual Euphemism: "China" and "Duck", among others.
Vanity License Plate: Chris has one that reads "Sonichu" on his his mother's car (affectionately nicknamed 'Son-Chu'), both in real life and in the comic. Of course, the real-life version is just your average '94 Ford Escort, while the comic version is a Transformer...
Viewers Are Morons: Unsurprising, as Chris thinks his IQ is around 300, thus he feels the need to talk down to people who impersonate doctors, Nintendo Executives, and famous artists/inventors.
Villain Decay: Blake goes from being a Shadow ripoff to a generic Stu in the middle of an episode. Then, he hooks up with Bubbles and becomes a Satellite Character to a Satellite Character before being almost entirely written out.
WallBanger: The series is infamous for so many of these moments. Perhaps the greatest one is Dating Education... yes, like sex ed, but with dating instead of sex, and the textbook is a book written by a 9-year-old.
If viewers hadn't put their heads through the wall after the idea alone, Chris even included a Dating Education test into the comic for viewers to take and email to him to be scored. Let's run through this again: the author has had no luck with personal relationships, and wishes that a class was offered on the subject. There isn't. So he comes up with a curriculum and test on a subject he admits he's clueless about. The only way this makes logical sense is if you assume he's being devious and wants to mine his readers' test responses for ideas.
Loosely based on a book written by a 9 year old (aimed for other 9 year olds), Chris change parts he didn't agree on, so that means A NINE YEAR OLD KNOWS MORE ABOUT DATING THAN CHRIS!!
Wall Of Text: Either the characters do lengthy explanations of what they're going to do, or offer lengthy rants after their non-victory.
Seriously, just try and read any of this.
He actually lampshaded this in Issue 10. Will he stop with the walls of text? Probably not.
Chris's official explanation for his blatant textwalling is that it's much faster, easier and more cost-effective to just have the characters say what's happened instead of actually drawing it, considering he adds the text in the speech bubbles digitally.
Wham Episode: The end of issue 10 is one of the most shocking twists in the comic... for all the wrong reasons.
What Do You Mean, It's For Kids?: Chris has claimed several times that the comic is for kids (he's said that it'd be rated TV-Y7), despite the sex and all the other things no sane parent would allow their child to see.
He uses the 'They'll see it eventually and it's a natural part of life' argument when called on it.
And when someone called him out on that, he blamed the FCC for "slipping on their ratings."
He holds his comic as being morally superior to Asperchu because he would be willing to censor the gratuitous sex scenes with various fruits over the genitals, and he already censors the swearing. Not exactly very effective. Meanwhile, not only does Asperchu not even claim to be for kids, Alec can more easily censor his own works, because bleeping offensive words is easy, because the pornographic activities in his comic are background scenes and not relevant to the plot, and because his comics are drawn on a computer, so if Alex uses layers, he can easily remove them.
What Do You Mean, It's Not For Kids?: For a supposed kids' comic, it has a lot of sex in issue #8. These scenes were later taken out of the comic proper after a troll posing as Shigeru Miyamoto tricked him into doing so, but on the last place Chris hosted the comic they could still be seen on a secret section of the website.
What Happened To The Mouse?: Crystal? Metal Sonichu? Oh, yeah. Those characters. The former gets freed from the mirror as Chris hastily tries to tie up all the loose ends.
Weaksauce Weakness: Anything remotely phallic (in CWC's view, anyway) besides his own "duck" makes Sonichu whimper, whine, and gag. Even pickles on a burger. (The real life Chris seems to share this weakness, as he seems unable to even say the word "dick" without grimacing in disgust.)
On another note, touching the white mark on Chris-chan Sonichu's chest will make him revert to human form. This, however, has been used a grand total of two times, and he is always able to change back without problems, and has God-Sue powers in either form, makes you wonder why he bothers changing anyways.
The Wesley: Let's just say all the "heroes" (especially Chandler) and leave it at that...
Wish Fulfillment: While all the issues have contained some this, issue #10 is, despite being unfinished, by far the heaviest and by far the worst in this category. It has Chris losing his virginity to his future wife, creating his perfect world by brutally killing and injuring his Internet-based enemies and taking down their websites forever and performing a complete eradication of homosexuality and asexuality, and finally: Making out with Meg Griffin from Family Guy.
The Wiki Rule: CWCki is a wiki dedicated solely to listing every single mishap and flaw of Christian Weston Chandler, whereas CWCipedia is Chris's own wiki, which he also uses to host his comic. The CWCki also links back to this page as a brief catalogue of everything that's wrong about Sonichu.
Wouldn't Hit A Girl: Averted. Christian's Author Avatar has no qualms about beating up Mary Lee Walsh Slaweel Ryam.
Writers Cannot Do Maths: CWCVille's currency is split up into C-Quarters, W-Quarters, and C-Quarters. 10 C-Quarters make up 1 W-Quarter, and 10 W-Quarters make up 10 C-Quarters. Yes, they'd look different, but how does this not look confusing on paper?
Writer On Board: Although it's hard to tell what the personalities of most of the good guys are, since they don't really have one, it's awfully strange that they all have the same opinions on sex, homosexuality, and religion that Chris has, and do not mind sharing them when Chris is unable to.
Write Who You Know: The author writes both Real Life friends (mostly his so-called "Sweethearts") and enemies into the story.
Writing Around Trademarks: The reason why Sonichu exists in the first place: For well over a decade, Chris has been under the assumption that because his teacher approved the idea of using a mishmash of Sonic and Pikachu instead of the actual characters, Sonichu is perfectly legal... as a 'parody' of the two characters if nothing else. Of course, Chris has no idea what a 'parody' actually entails, and uses the term as a cheap get-out-of-jail-free card to prove that (he thinks) he's not infringing copyright.
Word Salad Humor: Known as Random-Access Humor.
Xanatos Roulette: The Asperpedia Four's plan to kill Simonchu Simonla Rosechu apparently hinges on Simonla going to the toilet in a cinema after the movie is over, going to one particular stall, not having anyone go to the toilet before her and not noticing a Voltorb (a large red and white orb with eyes) poorly hidden behind the toilet.
Yangire: Sandy Rosechu hears about Evan killing her her mother, Simonla, a few minutes after being born. In Simonla's trial, Evan is sentenced to being bludgeoned to death by Sandy, who at the time is only a few weeks old. Here's an artist's depiction.
Year Inside Hour Outside: Chris spent nine months trapped in the Time Void, but to him it felt closer to just one month.
You Fail Law Forever: As Dethchemist points out, the trial of the Asperchu crew involves numerous violations of Virgina state and American federal law, and the executions are done in manners that grossly violate laws against torture and cruel and unusual punishment. In fact, everything about being tortured to death by a third-grader Pokemon-thing as her father stands by encouraging her is cruel and unusual.
You Fail Pharmacology Forever: In Sonichu's world, an anti-homosexuality vaccine was created using CWC's "pure" blood. Uh, Chris, vaccines are created using blood already infected with the disease you're trying to cure.
Possibly subverted.
You Fail Religious Studies Forever: He uses "Do angels have names?" as a pick up line. There are hundreds of names for angels, not in the least Michael, Gabriel, and Raphael, which are still common today.
It comes from him failing at the common pick up line "Do angels like you have names?", which he admits to have picked up from a Dating Sim called Sprung.
Another example is his complete ignorance of any religion other than mainline Protestant Christianity. He mentions Buddhists celebrating Christmas in their "Buddhist churches." Also, there's one character, Angelica Rosechu, who was raised in a convent by nuns and is supposedly Catholic, but she seems to express all the same theological opinions that Chris does and has never actually demonstrated anything that indicates she's Catholic. She pushed the button to fry Alec on the electric chair, clearly defying the Catholic Church's stance against capital punishment, nor does she seem to share the Church's stance on masturbation. The church she goes to is called the "Samuel Memorial United Christian Church," which is just about the least Catholic-sounding name you could possibly come up with.
While he grasps some concept of the Christian concept of God, he apparently doesn't understand the doctrine of the Trinity. He mentions "God and Jesus" as if they were separate deities instead of different aspects of the same one, and the Holy Spirit never gets a mention, probably because it's too complex a concept to grasp. His Jesus is also Totally Radical.
Curse-yehameha! Yes, he has really yelled the name of a certain king of Hawaii in public.
His obsession with the Third Date is in direct violation of the whole no premarital sex rule of Christianity. As the CWCki points out, he repeatedly breaks all Ten Commandments & Seven Deadly Sins (if his Daydream Believer statements are to be believed, yes, this also includes murder). He practices witchcraft (with no results, of course), meaning that there's a Biblical mandate for his death.
Your Mileage May Vary: Many say this is So Bad It's Good due to the sheer patheticness. Others find it unbearable to read. You've been warned.
But the Sonichu phenomenon cannot be contained by the comic itself. Because Christian Weston Chandler's life is inextricably intertwined with the stories he writes and his interactions with his "fanbase", just as many tropes can be applied to his not-so-private life as to his comic. Sonichu has also inspired a unique type of FanFic, the "trollfic" (not to be confused with a Troll Fic), a normal fanfic with the characters' moral alignments usually flipped. Meanwhile the blogcasts and chat channels the author uses to communicate with people can be more interesting than the actual comic, and offer profound insights into the mind of Mr. Chandler.
Tropes found in trolling, trollfics, and RealLife: A-H
A God Am I: Chris really thinks he can curse people in real life. He really thinks he has supernatural powers.
Acceptable Targets - There is a list of reasons on CWCki to advise against White Knighting for Chris - for starters, he's homophobic, sexist, refuses to get counseling for autism, and, as a major selling point for trolls, he always gets over getting trolled, or is oblivious to his mocking.
Hell, Chris counts as an Acceptable Target here at TV tropes, too. Any other article this overwhelmingly negative and insulting in tone probably would've gotten purged a long time ago.
In an inversion, the only hard and fast rules about trolling Chris are that Megan is left out of it, and that "The Wallflower"'s true identity should not be revealed. It's known that Megan is still spooked by what went on and "The Wallflower" requested that her name and personal details be removed.
The Ace: No, not Chris at all but you! Compare Chris to your life and you may suddenly feel ten times more competent and awe-inspiring. Having a job or getting a date alone is enough to dwarf Chris' successes. Way to go!
Adaptation Distillation: Vivian Gee's audiobooks are infinitely better than the actual comics. Chris's own audiobooks? ...Not so much.
Angrish: Vivian's commentary occasionally lapses into this as a result of the subject matter. "WHAT THE FUCK DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH ANYTlfkdsrtbdfgnvetndgnd"
"God damn just...look...at...eversfkljdfvd"
Catch Phrase: From Vivian's commentary, "Look at that ____, god damn!" "oh god that face!" "HONOR ROLL MY ASS."
For Chris: "*SIGH* Hm, well that's your opinion that I have any catch phasses." (He says those about ten times each phone conversation).
Crowning Music Of Awesome: To make up for the lack of fun in the comics, Vivian amuses herself through her selections for the background music. Transformation sequences (even for males) are accompanied by the Sailor Moon theme, infiltrations are set to pieces from Metal Gear Solid, Darkbind Sonichu's leitmotif is apparently "Frog's Theme", "Sex Bomb" plays whenever hanky-panky is implied, and "Go Go PowerRangers" plays whenever the Chaotic Combo is fully assembled. There's also fun soundtrack dissonance, such as the Spring Break episode opening with The Day of Lavos.
Not to mention a large amount consists of Kirby music.
The Danza: The real Jason Kendrick Howell voicing Sonichu!Jason Kendrick Howell in his audiobook episode.
And later troll legends Clyde Cash and Jack Thaddeus joined him.
Lemony Narrator: Dethchemist, the dulcet-toned narrator. Usually he just does a good job reading the dialogue, but when he does describe the action, he can be slyly snarky.
"...Wild replies, staring directly at her chest."
A character produces a handful of change from nowhere: "reaching deep into his anus..."
"...his Thun attack."
"...an utterly emasculated Bionic..."
"'I am full of surprises,' she says, possibly referring to the male genitalia nestled within her body."
"'I feel as silly as the time that I temporarily gained weight, became stupid, and went to watch television at Ghost Command.' ...as he gets up to use the bathroom, we see that Chris is indeed fat and stupid."
"'Ohh...,' he thinks as he sees her bent over the dryer with a clear view of her underwear. Overcome with lust, he begins to masturbate furiously."
"His erect manhood is enormous, twisted and bent, like a crooked tree emerging from a forest of pubic hair."
(After hearing about Chris raping his wife) "Listening intently, Wild and Magi-Chan struggle to conceal their disgust."
MSTing: Vivian's audiobook presentations of the comics are littered with snarky commentary, which does a lot to make them bearable.
One Of Us: Vivian noted that "also i laughed at me/dethchemist on tvtropes thanks guys!!111" in episode 21 of the annotated series.
"also, god damn you fucking tvtropes people are fast"
Tsundere / French Jerk: Vivian has shades of this; she seems to appreciate having an audience, yet she realizes that this forces her to suffer through the comics. "Thanks for watching you fucking whores!"
What The Hell Hero: If we take the narrator as someone in the story, then Dethchemist's repeated disgusted comments about Chris and the others' disproportionate brutality toward innocent and jerkish people. The narrator is especially disgusted with Wild over encouraging his daughter to brutally torture Evan.
Adult Child: Chris-chan himself, obviously, considering his tendency to scream at trolls over the internet, his apparent belief that one troll would have his soul haunted by the spirit of his dead dog, and his constant empty threats.
He also admits to still play with his toys at least for an hour, every day.
Ad Of Win: Trolls buy advertising space on the CWCipedia, where they put up banners for gay dating, gay rights, Asperger's, Asperchu, and pickles * This is not a joke; Chris hates pickles because they remind him of wangs, all to aggravate the generally intolerant, particularly homophobic Chris. The Gay ads on this website are also LOL-worthy. There have also been ads for background checks and a website to report suspicious activities to.
Don't forget the "Adopt Christian Chandler" ads that linked to mental institutions and mad houses.
Or the advertisement for Asperchu's latest issue, which shows Sonichu shooting Chris Ian's knee with a sniper rifle.
Or the other reecent ones which involve Chris hung up and with limbs cut off while Sonichu stands in front talking, referencing the way Chris decided to kill off certain characters to stroke his ego.
Aesop Amnesia: On 21 March 2010, after his activities on the Internet resulted in his most recent "sweetheart" cutting off contact with him and trolls vandalizing CWCipedia, Christian posted a video in which he announced that he's leaving the Internet, claimed that he learned a lot from his encounters with trolls, stated that he doesn't need the Internet and that he's going to "enjoy real life, go out and socialize!" Less than two days later, he returned to the Internet to whine about The Cleveland Show, and since then he posted several new YouTube videos... including two or three in which he announced that this time he's leaving the Internet for real, only to make a new video a few days later.
Chris attempted to vandalize his Encyclopedia Dramatica page by removing facts and opinions about himself he didn't like, adding the praise of himself and uploading pornographic drawings. This only made trolls troll him more. What did Chris learn from this experience? Literally nothing - he later attempted to vandalize CWCki by removing facts and opinions about himself he didn't like, adding the praise of himself and making his drawing of himself having sex with three women the Picture of the Now.
And let's just say that despite the fact that revealing his or other people's personal information repeatedly brought troubles upon Chris - something even Chris himself acknowledged in the video from 21 March ("I have put too much of my personal life online to be ridiculed so much") - he didn't learn to stop doing that.
The list from the linked article proves that most of Christian's "sweethearts" and "gal-pals" were just girls who went to the same schools he did and who most likely hanged out with him out of pity or because teachers asked them to; anyway, apparently it wasn't too important to them to keep in touch with Chris after graduation, as he lost contact with them long time ago. "Sweethearts" he met after his graduation either were trolls (Blanca Weiss, BlueSpike Julie), eventually dumped Chris and married other men (PandaHalo, Kacey) or weren't trolls but wanted to be just friends with Chris and eventually cut off contact with him upon realizing that he's a creepy, deranged jerkass (Megan, "The Wallflower"). Did a history of such "relationships" made Chris rethink his opinion that he's a handsome and charming women magnet? Needless to say, it didn't.
Air Guitar: Chris doesn't know how to play guitar. He is apparently decent at Guitar Hero, though, so he'll sometimes pretend to strum along to songs on his guitar. The problem? So far, aside from a song he played on Guitar Hero, none of the songs have had a guitar. There is something unfathomably hilarious about Chris clicking a game controller in pretend-tune to horns and synthesized piano.
All Animals Are Dogs: Judging by the fact that Chris couldn't wait to play with Ivy's hermit crabs and wanted to walk them, he seems to believe that crabs behave just like dogs.
Alternate Character Interpretation: Solid Chris is often called Ian Brandon Anderson, taken from one of his account names, and is portrayed by others as a stupid loser troll who tries to steal Liquid Chris's fame and take over his franchise, ruining his name in the process. Liquid Chris, though obviously the true impostor, is jokingly refereed to as the real Chris, because his videos and songs are much better than Solid Chris's, and because it pisses off Solid. Notably, Liquid Chris has true fans and a good amount of subscribers and friends on Youtube, and a Girlfriend, Kacey, while Solid's fanbase is just a bunch of trolls.
Also, there's a persistent school of thought that says he must simply be one of the most elaborate, dedicated internet trolls ever, going so far as to get his father in on the gag. This may persist simply as a sheltering hope that no one could be that... whatever he is.
Megan has one too as detailed here [1] links broken anyway according to a guy who used to work at the game place meagan was a manuplative psycho and chris was the victim
And Your Little Dog Too: Why does so much trolling revolve around hacking Chris's PSN accounts? Easy...he's made it pretty obvious that his PS3 is the only thing in the world he loves. That, and Chris really sucks at password security.
Angrish: "I NAME IS NOT IAN! BRANDON! SOMETHING!"
Animated Adaption: Sonichu: The Animated Series.
Anti Role Model: For people with Asperger Syndrome or Autism, Chris Chan is pretty much this, their Bizzaro, their Red Skull. The complete negative embodiment of the Autistic Spectrum brought to life. Go onto any AS forum and ask about him and they will either refuse to talk about him or will spew off exactly why they hate him, then the thread will be locked quickly as a result.
Although he does inspire people to do better in life, simply by looking at what he does and then doing the exact oppositie to ensure you never end up like him.
Anti Sue: Chris IS this. He has zero positive traits: no standards to follow, no skills to admire, no mindset to enjoy, no life to behold, his body is a wreck, he has no real ambitions, and worst of all, he thinks that he's the complete opposite of this. It's like he's the Ebon Dragon to humanity; the antithesis to all we should strive for and the embodiment of all our flaws.
Arch Enemy: Clyde Cash, the most persistent of trolls, is probably the closest to being Christian's archnemesis. Chris himself appears to see Clyde that way, as he (rightfully or not) blames Clyde for all kinds of bad things that happened to him in recent years and occasionally threatens to murder him.
Arson Murder And Jaywalking: "That Is A NIGHTMARE to me, EVEN WORSE than the nightmare I had where I was in a factory and I watched PEOPLE lying on a conveyor belt with their mouths full of cigarettes, going through BURNING OVENS, coming out singed (not ON FIRE), then dunked into a huge tank of Alcohol that DISSOLVED THEM to DUST like ACID would do, and their remains would come out of the factory's smokestacks in puffs of smoke and ashes. And another detail, the Front of the factory is SKULL-SHAPED."
Artifact Of Doom: The Relics of Fail, a treasury of home-made... mementos.
Asexuality: Chris-Chan has stated in a mailbag reply that he finds it to be disgusting...even though it's one of the things that, if eliminated, would leave even less "boyfriend-free girls" for him.
Attention Whore: Combine this with his ego and inability to tell when people are making fun of him, and there's No Such Thing As Bad Publicity for Chris.
Awesome McCool Name: Inverted with Christian Weston Chandler, who, lives up to his pansy-ass sounding name by being a total, hissy-fit throwing wuss.
Played straight with the trolls who get cool names like Clyde Cash and BlueSpike. Hell, even this obscure character from the children's cartoon Rocket Power has just Took A Level In Badass with his name, Surfshack Tito.
Badass: Kacey's father, hands down. Firstly, he's an ex-marine who served in the Gulf War. Secondly, after the 9/11 attacks, he was there to look for and to rescue survivors from the rubble. Third, he has a kickass voice. And finally, he was more than willing to give Chris a much needed Reason You Suck Speech that lasted for over two hours.
Bob Chandler himself could qualify, for walking in on Chris doing bad things and giving him a horrible time about it (Bob Walks In), and also threatening to literally cut down his internet connection while interrupting a rage-filled demand. (THAT IS MY HOUSE) Let's not forget Alec, however, who also handed out entire Reason You Suck Speeches to Chris with a cool voice of his own, despite Chris's horrible excuses to get out of the conversations.
Bad Liar: Chris himself, repeatedly caught out lying and defending his lies after being called out on them.
In an audio recording from 12 April 2010 Chris stated he's got "nothing bad against the Jews", only to use the word "Jew" as an insult a few minutes later. It's telling that Chris, who uploaded the recording on the internet leaving it unedited, apparently doesn't see the contradiction here.
Anyone with even some knowledge of Chris see this as no surprise at all.
Be Careful What You Wish For: Chris has managed to obtain the fame and attention many webcomic authors would kill for... at the cost of having absolutely no true fans, being trolled both online and in real life, and having a his every movement and flaw put on show for the world to see.
Berserk Button: People "stealing" Sonichu is just about the only thing that makes Chris visibly angry. So naturally, that's what most of the best trolling revolves around.
Chris really doesn't like homosexual men, and calling him gay often results in him yelling that he is STRAIGHT. Gay men using the body spray AXE also set him off, resulting in him writing a formal complaint to the company who manufacture it, and in the comic his future self has managed to create the cure for homosexuality.
Chris also went completely ballistic several times when Liquid Chris managed to start getting trolls to call him Ian Brandon Anderson.
Being called fat also makes Chris snap. He's actually not that heavy, but he's in intense denial that he's overweight at all.
Actually, he has become fatter than ever, as he barely leaves his room anymore.
Calling him naïve will also invoke his rage. It is also apparent that he has no idea what "naïve" means. He also likes to call other people that.
Chris also will rage at the mere existence of his ED page, the memory of his high school graduation, and his expulsion from college.
The Lumberjack may also have this quality.
It is speculated that bringing up his dead dog or Megan could also provoke him.
Indeed, judging by CAPS and overall lack of coherence in one of his mailbag replies,
he doesn't like to be reminded about shecameforcwc.jpg picture. Though the person he was raging at replying to also brought up another Berserk Button...
Even the slightest mention of Asperger Syndrome seems to send Chris into a frenzy, partially because he believes that Asperger's sufferers are trying to get people to symphathize with them, thereby hogging the spotlight from others who suffer from 'real' Autistic Spectrum disorders such as himself. That, and the name sounds a fair bit like "ass burgers".
The Asperchu, Asperger's and Liquid Chris issues seem to fall under one particular theme--someone stealing Chris' thunder or taking attention from him. Some of the videos he does related to Clyde Cash in particular almost seem playful or funny, but he's all business and blind rage when it comes to the idea that someone might be trying to draw attention from him.
It seems to be more that he's afraid of losing the "fans" he believes he has or that he's afraid people will actually confuse Sonichu/him and Asperchu/"Liquid," when the difference is actually pretty obvious to most people. Same deal with the "I AM STRAIGHT" business. He's afraid that people will actually think he's gay if trolls or anyone else accuse him of being so.
Better Than Canon: The Asperchu, Simonchu, and Moon-Pals comics.
Along with all the other Fan Works, including this fanart.
Beyond The Impossible: Chris is the internet's favorite lol-cow for a reason: Every time you think the lulz have dried up, and Chris can't get any more pathetic and/or delusional, he goes and tops himself.
Bishonen: In real life, Liquid Chris is boyishly handsome, if a bit geeky-looking (though the costume probably has something to do with that), but he tends to get this treatment in fanart.
Blah Blah Blah: Chris sometimes answers emails this way. A good example can be found here.
Break The Haughty: One of the long term goals of the trolls with Chris; to finally break his pride and ego and cause him to realize what an utter failure he is. But Chris's wall of delusion is so impenetrable that it'd probably take the Lasso of Truth to get past them. But with trolls being trolls, they will happily do this for as long as Chris exists.
BrutalHonesty: Chris simply doesn't seem to possess a sense of shame, and is perfectly willing to upload nudes of himself, sex tapes, or reveal nausea-inducing personal information. "Honest" for Chris seems to be "tell everyone you meet about your sex life (or lack of it) and any disgusting biological conditions."
Butt Monkey: A definite Real Life example, Chandler is the entire internet's punching bag. Everyone mocks him, very few defend him (and when they do, they usually just want his trust so they can find new grounds on which to mock him), and on a few occasions, people who've tried to help him got so fed up with his self-centered, obstinate personality that they gave it up and became trolls themselves.
But You Screw One Goat: There's no definite proof that Chris had sexual relations with an animal or even wants to, but some things he's said about dogs can't help but make you wonder...
I can imagine myself doing it with a collie at least. You know, like Lassie.
Camera Abuse: When Chris has an outburst of rage during filming a video, sometimes he just can't stop himself from attacking his own camera.
Ironically, this actually improves the quality of some later videos, as the damaged camera makes him look and sound like Max Headroom.
Cartwright Curse: Three Two of Chris' "sweethearts" (Sarah Jackson, PandaHalo and Ivy) died, and his " gal-pal" Sarah May attempted suicide.
Cassandra Truth: During the Julie saga Clyde Cash told Chris that Sarah Jackson, PandaHalo and Sarah May aren't dead that they were all trolls. Christian's response? "I know y'all are feeding me lies right now."
Caught With Your Pants Down: The aptly-named video "Bob Walks In." No wonder he wants to cut down the internet.
Character Name Alias: Sonichu 1984 has the anonymous main character make up the alias "Winston" when meeting another character, who uses the alias "Orwell."
This trope was also part of a major trolling scheme against the "original" Sonichu author, who was successfully convinced that his comic was being plagiarized by an Englishman named Jimmy Hill, who is actually a football commentator.
"Fans" also commonly use this trope when writing fan mail to Chris. To date, he has received fan mail from famous people such as Levi Johnston, Kim Jong-un, Ron Jeremy, John Wayne Gacy, Jeffrey Dahmer, Norio Wakmoto, Light Yagami, Nozomu Itoshiki, Davros, Josef Mengele, Gillian Seed, Freddie Mercury, Guybrush Threepwood, Maria Renard, Reimu Hakurei, Takato Matsuki, Kathryn Janeway, Billy MC, Kefka Palazzo, Kenshiro Kasumi, Gendo Ikari, Max Eisenhardt/Magneto, Neil Gaiman and even Leonardo Da Vinci. So far, Chris seems to be none the wiser.
However, showing some small capacity to learn, Chris was skeptical when Stephen King wrote in for story ideas. He then proceeded to answer a question supposedly written by Chris Brown (the question was about girlfriend-beating, unsurprisingly) immediately afterward. Hilarious In Hindsight when you realize The Wallflower looks like a gender-flipped StephenKing.
Of course, given that Chris's only exposure to the world seems to be video games and Adult Swim, he probably doesn't know who most of these people are.
Choose Your Own Adventure: "Choose Your Own Adventure, At Your Own Pace", two CYOAs with Christian as the main character. One scenario, "Christian Weston Chandler in Lost in Wal-Mart" has him... get lost in Wal-Mart, while the other, "Christian Weston Chandler in Gay Date Rape Forever", has him accidentally go to a Gay Bar.
Clothes Make The Legend: Incredibly, there was a time when Chris actually stopped wearing that childish medallion, changed his wardrobe, let a goatee grow and came close to look like an average redneck. Then he shaved and went back to the medallion and striped shirts because trolls "doubted" he was the real Chris.
Cloud Cuckoo Lander: Christian himself. Most of his attempts of writing coherently inevitably go awry, leading to some very disjointed prose (and frustrated readers.) Examples include: Chris goes from ranting against Asperchu to describing a bad dream he once had, the Sonichu article on CWCipedia becomes a long and drawn-out description of Pokemon in the CWCville gym, and an e-mail he writes to an anti-troll about sexism becomes a description of the CWCville radio station.
Well, he actually thinks that cartoons are real and he uses them as role models, imitating their behavior and expecting to get the same results on real life.
Completely Missing The Point: In his "Message to the Future" he encourages everyone to stay straight because "everything else is vice, as said by Doctor Kinsey." The statement "everything else is vice" was part of a larger statement in which Kinsey was saying that this was what society says and that it was not a particularly effective deterrent. Kinsey, for the record, experimented with mansex.
In the phone call to Kacey's dad, Chris complained about how hard it was to pull weeds.
Kacey's dad: "My grandma pulled weeds. My grandma had arthritis and pulled weeds."
Chris: "I'm sorry your grandma had arthritis."
In the later conversation with Kacey and Liquid Chris, Kacey pointed out that the LittleBigPlanet level Solid Chris supposedly created for her was actually the level he created for BlueSpike Julie a few months earlier. Solid Chris responded that it doesn't matter because Julie turned out to be a guy.
He has also completely missed the point of Twitter.
Cosmic Plaything: Chris started getting abused at age 1 when he had an abusive babysitter and it went downhill from there. He actually got trolled before trolling even existed (he was locked in a crawl space when he was six when a girl convinced him that Casper lived there). He's become the internet's punching bag and enough painful and embarrasing things have happened to him through his life that the only reason he isn't a Woobie is that he's a "perverse, narcissistic, homophobic, sexist, racist, overweight, delusional 'high-functioning autistic' virgin man-child". Also, most is self-inflicted.
Could Say It But: In the ED-related video, Chris said that if he were not a Christian, he would tell the people behind the page to go to hell.
Hilarious In Hindsight: In aforementioned video Chris claimed: "I would not even weigh that upon my worst enemy", because he's so kind. In later videos he actually told his "enemies" to rot in hell.
Create Your Own Villain: Chris has managed to do this a couple of times. CChanSonichuCWC just started out doing impersonations of Chris for fun. It was after Chris first angrily told him to stop doing it that he became Liquid Chris and started using his impersonations as a way of trolling him. Ivy originally just wanted a shout-out in a video, but after Chris begged her to be his sweetheart, she just ran with it.
Another was Vivian, originally a white knight who was trying to help him. Of course, when he completely ignored her warnings that his sweethearts were all trolls, sent death threats to her, and refused to take any of her help, she gave up and started messing with him.
Creator Breakdown: Frequently occurs whenever the trolls get the better of Chris, resulting in "stress" (which he conveniently blames for everything that can't be excused away with his autism).
Cringe Comedy: In its purest form.
Crowning Moment Of Awesome: We need one of these too:
The Father Call. What's especially awesome about it is that it certainly wasn't the first The Reason You Suck Speech Chris had ever gotten, but it was the first time Chris ever had to actually listen to one, or risk losing precious china.
His dad telling Chris to stop his bullshit or he'll take his Internet. Go Bob!
Bob actually said he would cut down the internet, making him the "Internet Lumberjack".
From the Asperchu Saga, Alec calls Chris out on his entire franchise, how he treats his 'fans', and Chris's grip on reality, but best of all, calmly. And of all the encounters with trolls, under reasonably legitimate pretenses. In particular, Alec telling Chris to "Man The Fuck Up"!
On general principles, Alec can be considered to be a walking, talking Crowning Moment Of Awesome.
The first Jack Thaddeus call actually had Chris being the most awesome he will ever be in his entire life. First he shuts Jack up by pointing out that the mails from Miyamoto were from one of those anonymous mail sites where anyone can get any name they want, then he delivers a solid burn to Jack when Jack asks Chris why Jack's parents threw him out at 18 instead of coddling him like Chris' parents.
"Hmm... probably because they couldn't stand you?"
Alright, this is one momentary speck of inspiration in a lifetime of fail, and he apologizes right after, but props go where props are due.
Well, this incident, as well as (a very few) others (like the time he realized that it wasn't real Stephen King who wrote fan mail to him - see Character Name Alias above), definitely prove that Chris isn't incapable of thinking logically. Which means he has no excuse for all these times he acted like a complete idiot.
An anonymous prostitute hanging up on Chris when he tried to make her feel sorry for him hoping that she would have sex with him for free. Possibly the best response to his whining, ever.
Michael Snyder kicking Chris out of The GAMe PLACe (again).
Vivian made it even better in her take on it, making a South Park-style cartoon to go with the audio file.
If they are telling the truth, the trolls tricking Chris into signing off his "rights" to Sonichu to CWCipedia.
Crowning Moment Of Funny: So many, but Your Mileage May Vary:
Ickeriss66 and the destruction of the first medallion.
The Jew In The Pickle Suit coming to rescue a girl that they'd set up to date Chris.
Possibly the same trolls getting Chris on the booze.
The Ivy Saga, up until the Thirty Xanatos Pileup forced trolls to abort. This came complete with Chris leaving a message on his ED page claiming that he knew Ivy was fake due to police investigation. Two months later, he's dedicated a video to the memory of Ivy, who he now thinks killed herself due to his lack of faith.
Clyde Cash (one of the main trolls behind everything funny that has happened to Chris) got Chris to dress normally, act somewhat normal, and generally not act like himself at all, editing parts of the video to sound like Chris was faking his iconic nasal, high-pitched tone. It ends with Chris mocking famous trolls, saying he's not autistic, and works to support his parents. Many trolls shat bricks, until they realized Chris would have had to go to ridiculous lengths to fake what he's known for. Even the most dedicated of trolls wouldn't have started a seven year deception.
Case in point- Jack Chick.
Chris then made it quite clear by then making a video claiming he had trolled everyone. This revelation of sorts would then lead to the Liquid Chris Saga, arguably a series of CMoF, whereby a guy on YouTube posted videos of himself posing as Chris. They were amusing (and disturbingly accurate) on their own, but how Solid Chris reacted to him made it even funnier. He even got his own Crowning Moment Of Awesome when he played "More Than A Feeling" on guitar after the real Chris posted a video of himself playing the song on Guitar Hero.
The events with the impersonator culminated in Chris-chan challenging him to a singing contest in order to prove his identity as the real Chris. Yes, you did read that correctly. What makes this particularly funny is that, while the impersonator had a relatively decent voice, Chris is pretty much flat-out terrible.
Liquid Chris won the contest fair and square; one of the real Chris's appointed judges voted for the impostor. The impostor declared himself the winner (and therefore the real Christan Weston Chandler) and excused himself from YouTube to prepare for the future. The videos and phone calls following this are unbelievable.
Real Chris then backpedalled and claimed the contest was never to prove who was the true CWC, despite the fact that he said it was when he started the whole thing.
The sheer deadpan way the Audiobooks have Sonichu calm down after an anti-homosexual rant: "Instantly calmed by the promise of intercourse".
The end of fifth phone call between Chris and Alec Benson Leary. Chris didn't want to talk with Alec so he made up an excuse to finish the conversation by impersonating his own mother (not his father, curiously) "telling" him that he has to clean up cat poop in their kitchen.
And then there was the time when he really did have to clean up cat poop, but "slipped and made a mess".
CWCki's page on Encyclopedia Dramatica, quoting a post Chris made to his own discussion page, potholing "Why do you hate me so much?" to "Frequently Asked Questions".
Crowning Moment Of Heartwarming: Liquid and Kacey singing "A Whole New World."
Crowning Music Of Awesome: This, and this, and this... There's a surprising amount of awesome music, really.
Cursed With Awesome: Chris's laziness. Why? It's the only thing stopping him from trying to sell Sonichu merchandise and getting the pants sued off of him by Nintendo and/or Sega.
Which is a shame, cause God DAMN that would be funny to watch.
Very arguably, the trolling if you subscribe to the cliché of it being better to have loved and lost than have never loved at all. Thanks to the trolls, Chris believes he's had several 'sweethearts', which would never have happened otherwise. Then again, since none of them fucked him he probably doesn't care.
Darker And Edgier: Some fics put the series in a darker prospective, Sonichu Finale in particular. More recent examples are Sonichu Is Dead and the fic on which it's based.
Dartboard Of Hate: Adam Stackhouse, winner of the Parappa contest, was a "victim" of this. Michael Snyder, who Chris tried to run over with his car, was meant to be used for this as well.
Daydream Believer: Chris believes that all works of fiction (including Sonichu, of course) are real. And his "proof" is how various cartoon characters were shown living together in Toon Town. Seriously.
Apply some Fridge Logic to this, and this becomes the reason he adamantly opposes parodies or fanfics featuring his characters: they are changing reality, and so he has to Retcon any relation to his canon those fics might have had.
Dead Baby Comedy: Chris attempted this by comparing Clyde Cash's imminent downfall to the freaking World Trade Center attacks. Needless to say, it failed. Horribly.
Death Is Cheap: As far as it applies to real life, Chris honestly believes people who go to heaven can come back whenever. Which explains why he pleads for Billy Mays to "come back soon". And thinks it's ok to depict the deaths of Ivy and Panda-Halo the way he did, since they didn't have any objections. That or he thinks they're just acting. Also for someone who loved his dog, he sure as hell won't let her rest in peace.
Dethroning Moment Of Suck: Probably the worst thing to come from Chris' magic markers would be ShecameforCWC.JPG, a pornographic drawing of him and his then-friend Megan, first uploaded by himself to Encyclopedia Dramatica under the claim of "replacing negativity with positivity." This was evidently the final straw in a relationship already strained by stalker-ish tendencies and sexual harassment, and Megan has since moved as far away from Chris as possible. Chris doesn't seem to understand what he's done, blames Encyclopedia Dramatica for "twisting" the image against him, and has since reuploaded the picture that cost him what might have been his only friend, claiming that he "needed sexy pictures."
For added Face Palm points, he still refers to Megan as having "broken up" with him despite her repeatedly telling him they were never together.
There's also the infamous drawing of him having sex with three women. He has used this piece of creepy Wish Fulfillment as proof that he's straight.
"Your trope has been read fully, and your thoughts have been inputed and accepted for better improvement. Thank you for your time and efforts."
"I recycle my own semen."
Some of his edits to CWCipedia also qualify. Worst offenders include his article about Asperger's syndrome, answering Mailbags with "Whatever" or insults and expressing hope that gays serving in the military will die in explosions.
Your trope has been read fully, and your thoughts have been inputed and accepted for better improvement. Thank you for your time and efforts.
Chris insulting both trolls and "Honest, True and Loyal" fans he thinks he has - the latter just because they wanted him to update his comic regularly. Apparently he thinks that their demands contributed to the loss of his most recent "sweetheart" on pair with trolls' actions.
Chris making a YouTube video in which he tells his ex-"sweetheart" that she should be his girlfriend because prostitutes are too expensive for him. And no, he isn't deliberately trying to insult her - he actually thinks that this "revelation" will make her pity him and that she'll agree to be his girlfriend.
Even before Chris uploaded ShecameforCWC.JPG to ED, there was his reaction to the fact someone else won Parappa The Rapper-themed contest he participated in: he insulted and wished death upon the winner and other people that got more votes, filmed himself shooting a photo of the winner with a toy pistol, created a fake webpage showing him as the "true" winner and openly admitted in an e-mail to Sony that he wanted to win the contest because he thought Megan would have sex with him then.
The nude photos. Then the tape of him with his blow-up doll.
He also put Sonichu's comic on his resume. The saddest part? It forms 80% of his entire resume and he is very demanding about which companies would be allowed to use his makeshift franchise and which products he expects to be made out of it.
Chris using the word "Jew" as an insult to finish the conversation while secretly recording it, then releasing the audio recording of the event, then ordering the fans he thinks he has to troll Michael Snyder, and then revealing in a comment to Vivian's video that "I gave him the finger as I left for real (...) right before the final insult". And he apparently thinks it was funny.
Although it was something of an accomplishment for Chris that he actually did realize that the video was intended to make fun of him.
Creation of the CWCipedia article about "The Wallflower", as well as pretty much all Christian's actions described in said article. He stated that trolls discovering her identity was her fault because "SHE HAD TO HAVE A Facebook Page with her REAL NAME and LINKS to her FanFictions on it", and of course he isn't even remotely to blame for anything. While he was at it, he also once again proved his racism ("the Trolls HAD to stick their n***** noses into my affair"). He expected her to apologize to him for cutting off contact with him (surprisingly, she didn't do that). And he finished his article about her with the following statement: "Now she'll have to live the rest of her life with the recurring memory of hurting me like she did. Got-Dang Asexual Woman!"
Did Not Do The Research: A Girl who Brought Down the World accurately portrays Chris as the homophobe he is. However, he is equally fearful of lesbians and homosexual men, despite it being common knowledge that IRL Chris respects the gay population-the female half, to be precise.
At time the fic was written he liked lesbians, but that might not be the case anymore (1:01-ish, if you don't want to expose yourself to too much ear rape).
Also, Chris has no idea how copyright works; he seems to think that a character is automatically copyrighted the minute you create him, and that mashing together two existing properties makes something legally original. Additionally, he appears to believe that simply drawing a (c) next to the name qualifies them as legal copyrights.
Though he has legally copyrighted Sonichu. Seriously, look.
No, actually not. To be technical, he has merely registered when he came up with the "idea". A registering is only handy for proving that you were there first, should the case end up in a court, and they are therefore pretty cheap to acquire and is generally quickly handed out without much of a preview process. But it does not give you a full copyright, which is a longer, more complicated and expensive process.
He also doesn't seem to know that you can't take hermit crabs for a walk.
More recently, he is very tenacious about his belief that autism and Asperger Syndrome are nothing alike, and has received several emails from people trying to convince him otherwise, to the point where he's been forced to open a new mailbag section for these emails. The sad thing is, he's started answering these emails with a generic reply where he basically says he doesn't care, and won't listen anyway.
He also believes that "Asperger's" sounding vaguely like "Assburgers" or "Assboogers" is a legitimate reason for disparaging it. When a letter writer confronted him about this, Chris's only response was to make fun of the letter writer's name as well.
The best example from his Asperger's vendetta would have to be his proclomation that he "helped cultivate the first generation of autistic people". Yeah.
Digging To China: Not used in the normal sense, but it is bizzare just how low Chris will go in order to score.
Digging Yourself Deeper: Much of what is known about Chris was not gained through hidden cameras or in-depth investigating, but volunteered by the man himself in what was probably an attempt to get the trolling to stop. In other cases, Chris will casually mention in a chat session something that most reasonable people would keep to themselves. For example: Clyde Cash brought up pictures of Chris wearing his mother's undergarments (which only existed due to blackmail), and Chris responded by revealing his severe incontinence. Strangely, Chris doesn't seem at all embarrassed by this, and only gets upset after direct insults.
Does Not Like Men: Chris hates the entire male population for stealing all the women; excluding himself, his father and George W. Bush, or as he likes to put it, 0,000000000004% of the male population (4% times 10 to the power of -12). Given the present population of the Earth, such a percentage would equal significantly less than one complete person.
This makes his homophobia quite ironic, because, logically, if every man but him, his father, and Dubya were gay, he wouldn't have to worry about women already having boyfriends.
Does Not Like Pickles: Chris vehemently dislikes pickles because they remind him of a certain male body part. This hatred is incorporated into the comics, serving as a Weaksauce Weakness for Sonichu and a Berserk Button for Rosechu.
This is also because one of the more famous trolls is simply known as "The man in the pickle suit". Ever since he popped up, pickle hatred has run rampant!
This actually stems from when he was first discovered by a certain imageboard. They originally were just mocking his art, and a troll decided to pretend to do some "fan art" of Sonichu and mail it to Chris out of "admiration." Most importantly was a picture of Rosechu depicted with a penis, which Chris strongly objected to. However, Chris for some reason has an aversion to that word, and absolutely refuses to use it, or any other common phrases to refer to the penis. He instead refers to his own as his "duck" (no, that is not a typo), and refers to others as "pickles." When he saw the picture of Rosechu with a penis, he freaked the fuck out, and demanded that the troll, who Chris honestly still believed was a fan at this point, that he draw Rosechu again without a "freakin pickle!" The troll responded by sending a picture of Rosechu holding a literal pickle in her hand. Chris was not amused in the slightest, and the rest is history.
Does Not Understand Sarcasm: Chris has a remarkable inability to tell when he's being insulted; any insult that's not outright calling him a name tends to fly right over his head. Some outstanding examples are his edits to Encyclopedia Dramatica and CWCki where the facts that the doesn't edit are obviously sarcastic insults, proudly showing off his letter that was printed in Nintendo Power despite it almost certainly having been posted for people to laugh at, and his Screwattack Europe interview, with Guru Larry dropping lines like "Yes, you are indeed a role model to us heterosexuals" or "Yes, I often get people confused with fictional characters" while Chris just stares blankly.
This may be due to his autism more than anything else, leaving him incapable of detecting sarcasm and instead taking everything he hears at face value. Hilariously, this extends to the newly opened mailbag section on CWCpedia where Chris answers reader mail, although he has a separate section for "hatemail" or otherwise disruptive messages that he still refuses to ignore, and even answers some of them as sincerely as he can (including advice for buying sex toys).
Of course, he now just deletes the mails he doesn't like, and then claims that he is better than Alec and others because he doesn't censor mail.
Or makes up his own "mailbag" by publishing some posts from Sonichu fan forum (that, in his opinion, praise him) rather than answering actual emails. Obviously, he fails to realize that these posts also actually mock him.
Double Standard: Alec points out Chris' double standard in him hating gay people because of an incident (that he may have been lying about) when he himself does lots of creepy, hateful things which by his logic should put people off straight and/or autistic people. Also, he states that the Bible tells people to shun gay people, even though it also condemns magic, which Chris (believes to) use all the time.
There's also a mailbag message where a reader calls him out on his homophobia by explaining how much he hates autistic people for the way they speak awkwardly and how their minds can't function properly to illustrate a Double Standard. Par for the course, Chris completely misses the point by explaining that he himself has no trouble speaking or thinking clearly, and calls the poster an ignorant bigot.
Draco In Leather Pants: Mary Lee Walsh is portrayed in trollfics as a beautiful, benevolent woman intent on destroying the Wretched Hive / People's Republic Of Tyranny that is CWCville. The real Mrs. Walsh isn't particularly glamorous, but she seems to be a pretty good college dean.
Her Sonichu Finale portrayal mixes this with a good helping of Dark Is Not Evil. Finale!Mary has a mischievous streak in her as well as a god complex (that is neither particularly illogical given her power nor anywhere near as massive as Chris-chan's in Sonichu proper), and yet she is still a very compassionate woman who cannot even bring herself to kill Chris when she has the chance.
Doesn't help that it was Christopher asking her to kill him. Christopher is a semi-decent person trapped in the body of a stark-raving mad godmanchild, only able to get out during brief moments of lucidity. She wouldn't be killing Christian with her bare hands, she'd be killing Christopher.
Kacey's dad. Disgustingly homophobic, but he sure puts Chris in his place, and... and that voice!
Dreaming Of Things To Come: According to Chris, "it was fortold [sic] unto me in multiple dreams" that he would one day be the father of Crystal Weston Chandler, lending divine credence to his Love Quest. He has also been told by GodJesus that several of his internet girlfriends were the future mother of Crystal, which caused him to look like even more of an ass when they revealed themselves as (mostly male) trolls.
That also could mean that even Jesus is trolling him.
Driven To Suicide: The trolls use this card quite a bit. First off, Ryan Cash's fake suicide over Chris threatening to stop making comics was Clyde Cash's motivation for becoming head of The Miscreants and trolling Chris. After months of trolling did little to affect his target, Clyde followed in his little brother's footsteps and pretended to have shot himself in the head. * Really, one of the other trolls, Ching Chong, thought that Clyde had derailed his persona somewhat when he started claiming that he really wanted to help Chris and suggested that Clyde killing himself would be the best course of action. After that, Chris would later hear that Ivy had killed herself after he broke up with her when he found out she wasn't real. The comics are also the leading cause of suicide in plush hamsters.
In January 2010 Chris drove fan named Mike Jackson to suicide. Being the kind, caring man that he is, Chris responded to the news about his "death" with a copy-pasted message.
Not just any copy-pasted message, a copy-pasted message that didn't even fit in context.
Drowning My Sorrows: There are hints that this is how Chris spends his lonely evenings, at least when he's not playing video games or masturbating. Alcohol might explain why he thought stalking Michael Snyder would be a great idea.
Dude Not Funny: One infamous video has Chris mocking the DESTRUCTION OF THE WORLD TRADE CENTER. Thanks to the massive Internet Backlash, it was taken down the next day.
Of course, Chris then tries to justify his horrendous actions by saying that he was only trying to show how weak Clyde was.
Dysfunction Junction: A Wiki Walk reveals that the Chandler family isn't exactly the best you could hope for. Might explain a bit.
Egopolis: In troll fics, CWCville is often presented as one of the authoritarian style.
Ensemble Darkhorse: Bob Chandler (Christian's geriatric father) is amazingly popular with trolls, despite arguably being worse than Chris. Most of his popularity derives from his infamous threat of "cuttin' [the family's internet] down", hence his nickname "The Lumberjack".
Cole Smithy (Chris's maternal half-brother). Considering that Cole has a happy marriage with a hot wife and a steady job at Rotten Tomatoes, Cole is considered everything Chris would be if he were a functioning member of society.
Epic Fail: Oh dear! Oh so many, many things... In fact, it would be wise to consider Christian Weston Chandler's mere existence as the Trope Codifier. Some people have even commented that he IS the personification and embodiment of PURE. CRYSTALLIZED. FAIL. He is the loser's loser's loser - just look at Daveykins's quote at the top of the article if you have any doubt, and that's all coming from a 30+ year old man who lives with his parents writing and drawing poorly wrote, poorly drawn comics and fan fiction.
Special mention must be given to any of the videos where Chris tries to show off his physical prowess, by doing Herculean tasks like struggling to lift soda boxes, almost doing fake pushups, or stopping six times to catch his breath in a three minute jog.
Special mention should go to Chris's recent attempt to vandalize the CWCki, which, as usual for Chris, failed.
Chris tried to paint Michael Snyder as an unreasonable bigoted jackass for refusing to let Chris back to THe GAMe PLACe and tried to get his Internet legions to harass him. Instead, Chris himself comes across as the intolerant jackass, throwing out the word "Jew" as an insult, and now Michael Snyder faces heaps of personal fans, most likely offering to buy him drinks and play at his shop.
Escalating War: The Ad Saga on CWCipedia has become one of these. Trolls put gay ads in the sidebar, Chris changes his monitor resolution so he won't have to look at them. Trolls put BIG ads in the middle of the front page so he can't miss them, and he creates his own version of the front page so he doesn't have to look at them. The trolls invest in banner ads that appear on every page of the site...
A dispute over a fan character involved CWCipedia going down, then coming back with an Asperchu comic named Sonichu Revolution about copyright infrigement in place of the ads, and then Chris having comic book versions of Asperpedia guys tortured and killed in his comic. In response Asperpedia team gave ad space on CWCipedia back to Jack Thaddeus, and soon after that gay ads were back.
Even Evil Has Standards: Bluespike managed to force some trolls-the same trolls that had tricked Chris into taking pictures of himself in his mother's underwear-to feel sorry for the manchild about forty minutes into his hour long confrontation.
Vivian's commentary for the end of issue #6 just kinda trails off, since there's nothing particularly funny about someone missing a beloved pet.
Not to mention the backlash that came from the "Twin Falling Towers" video.
And of course, see the David Gonterman quote above.
No, seriously. David Gonterman wrote what some people still call the worst Fanfic online. He knows what's it like to be trolled, and he's been proven to be a stand-up guy regardless, especially in recent years. And Chris-chan is even making him shake his head? That's a Real Life Moral Event Horizon sign there.
It's essentially an unwritten rule amongst the trolls that Megan Schroeder should never be contacted about anything regarding CWC, as it is known she is still quite disturbed by what happened.
'The Wallflower', Chris's latest gal-pal, originally had a quite in-depth page on the CWCki. When she personally contacted the sysop asking that irrelevant information be removed and the page be rewritten under a pseudonym, the requested changes were quickly made.
In early 2010 a (possibly newbie) Something Awful Goon tried to make a thread on Chris around and included his own encounter with him, he was greeted with post after post of "Yeah, torturing the mentally disabled is really fun!"
Even The Guys Want Him/Stupid Sexy Flanders: This is what Chris actually believes. THIS IS WHAT CHRIS ACTUALLY BELIEVES.
Played straight (no pun intended) with Liquid Chris and Kacey's Dad, Matthew.
Even Nerds Have Standards: Furries, Goons, *Channers, pretty much every subculture and community on the internet that is aware of Chris-chan uses him as a reference to the lowest of the low. He's quite possibly the rock bottom of the Internet totem pole.
Don't be silly... he's waaay below the bottom.
Even people with Autism and Asperger Syndrome will have nothing to do with him, also being fully aware of what Chris Chan has done in life.
Evil Counterpart: Liquid Chris is the good counterpart.
Evil Versus Evil: On the one hand you've got an absolutely vile person who's a bigot (called Tito a NIGGER several times, and threw "Jew" at Michael Snyder like it was an insult), a homophobe (stating that they deserve to die by stepping on land mines), and a borderline complete sociopath among other evils, but let's face it, his opponents aren't really much better than a gaggle of schoolyard bullies. It's really hard to root for anyone at this point. Nevertheless, trolls still have way more supporters than Chris ever will.
Face Palm: LITERALLY. EVERYTHING. WILL. MAKE. YOU. FACEPALM. To the point that the PVCC forums have SIX facepalm emoticons.
Failed A Spot Check: Chris complained that Alec chopped off his head in Sonichu Revolution (which is one reason why he so brutally killed Alec in his own comic), and Alec pointed out that Comic!Chris was completely fine, and that he was only acting. Chris said that it could have been more obvious. The comic literally has Comic!Chris in one piece the very next panel saying don't worry, he's fine, he was just acting.
Famous Ancestor: Christian claimed that he's descended from Anne Boleyn Bolyn... whose only daughter was Queen Elizabeth I, The Virgin Queen. He later backpedaled on that and claimed that somehow Anne was his ancestor "in an aunt sort of sense" and that he's really descended from Mary Boleyn Boylen. Anyway, he says that's why there should be an article about him on Wikipedia.
Fanon: Where all of the characterization comes from.
Fat Bastard: Chris, of course. Though many might say that obesity is the least of his problems...
Feigning Intelligence: In Mailbag 54 Chris tried to show how smart he is, claiming that he knows the words antidisestablishmentarianism and supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. Incidentally, he misspelled both these words.
Fetish Fuel: Mary Lee Walsh, as portrayed in troll comics. Also, Crystal Weston Chandler, the imaginary twin sister of Chris.
Fetish Retardant: How about a sex vid, several pictures of his dick, official Rule 34 or a video where Chris demonstrates how he would pleasure a woman orally? For your own sanity, Take Our Word For It.
Flexing Those Non Biceps: Chris in the "I AM STRONG" video.
Foe Yay: Christian's hatred of Mary Lee Walsh didn't stop him from drawing a pornographic picture of her.
Forceful Kiss: Chris tried to do this at the end of his "date" with Emily. Fortunately, he failed.
Freudian Excuse: Chris tried to justify his homophobia claiming that it was caused by the (allegedly) homosexual principal of his elementary school who made him sit on his lap. Of course, he contradicted himself later, admitting that he started to hate homosexual people after one woman refused to go out with him, claiming she's lesbian.
Chris is arguably an inversion, as his massive ego seems to stem from the coddling by his mother, and the lazy attitudes of his father.
Fridge Horror: When you see all the acts that Chris's Author Avatar does, and compare him to the real person, you'll realize that, in a way, this comic is his incredbily twisted wish fulfillment, this is exactly how he wants the people he hates to die.
Imagine what would happen if he actually had that kind of power.
Frivolous Lawsuit: He threatened to sue Liquid Chris and ViviG for "selling" Sonichu merchandise. Because, you know, he clearly owns the rights to his derivative character.
Subverted with one 'fan', who just got fed up with all this and contacted Sega directly. No results yet.
The Fundamentalist: Chris is quick to condemn homosexuals to the fires of hell, but like many fundamentalists is blind to his own transgressions in the eyes of God - he draws pornography, masturbates to pre-existing lesbian porn, threatens to murder people, has made getting laid the focus of his existence, and wears an idol around his neck almost all the time. The CWCki offers a fascinating study of his religious beliefs.
"I PRAY TO GOD AND JESUS TO KILL JASON KENDRICK HOWELL!"
Future Loser: While he was never sucsessful to begin with, Chris is a pathetic shell of his former, high-school self. And given that he does nothing, he'll undoubtely become a transient, if not die early from his terrible eating habits.
Gaslighting: Liquid Chris. It counts because the target, albeit already mentally defective, became more mentally defective.
And naturally, most fanworks continue this tradition by having Liquid Chris as Christian Weston Chandler and Regular/Solid Chris as Ian Brandon Anderson.
Giftedly Bad: Chris seriously believes that his writing and artwork are masterful and thinks his artistic "talent" is comparable to that of Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci Michalanglo and DeVinci, all the while lambasting Asperchu for its (intentionally) offensive writing and bad artwork (which are still better than his own).
Girl On Girl Is Hot: Despite his homophobia, Chris is okay with lesbians, mostly because he can masturbate to them.
Let's remember a few things. He hates gay men because they're gay; he hates straight men (except his dad) because they're straight and take away boyfriend-free girls; he hates asexuals for reasons currently unknown; and he loves lesbians, because they're gay and take otherwise single girls. His hypocrisy is an endless void filled just as infinitely with flawed logic, and he may never understand.
Also, in a mailbag where it was pointed out that logically the more gay men there were mean't there would be more single women around, Chris replied that it would make no difference to him. He also has pointed out he began hating the gay population when a woman turned him down because apparently she was a lesbian.
Glasses Pull: While not always having to do with trolls, Chris dramatically takes off his glasses in his YouTube videos whenever he wants to make a point. This results in him occasionally putting them back on only to dramatically whip them off again.
Which is a bit hard to take seriously when you have a strap for them.
Godwin's Law: One of ads makes Chris-Chan out to be like Hitler for his propaganda. Though that's a low blow.
Yeah. Hitler had a girlfriend and a job. Chris is a rabidly antisemitic psychopathic misogynistic small minded prick with a messiah complex. Godwin's Law is only bad when its not completely accurate.
Gosh Dang It To Heck: CWC-isms, which include terms such as "Duck", "Comeuppance", and the most famous of all, "China".
Greed: While Chris doesn't care much about money, he's quite obviously obsessed with acquiring material possessions, particularly various games, videos and sex toys.
Greedy Jew: In Christian's mind, Michael Snyder.
Guilty Pleasure: Is anyone actually proud to admit that they follow the life of Christian Weston Chandler? Probably not, but it's still very entertaining.
Happy Place: CWCville, to a large extent. It seems strange that Mr. Chandler would put his mortal enemies in there with him, but this at least makes it possible for him to defeat them. To outside observers, on the other hand, CWCville is strongly reminiscent of Silent Hill, a place of mutated monsters that fight and rut for their creator's amusement
Have I Mentioned I Am Heterosexual Today: All the friggin time! Even Sonichu started doing it in episode 20.
Hey, It's That Guy!: Guru Larry from That Guy With The Glasses, formerly a part of ScrewAttack as ScrewAttack Europe, is in the trolling scene and has even interviewed Chris.
More recently, another e-famous Briton (Harry Partridge, better known as HappyHarry, the creator of Saturday Morning Watchmen and Hal the Misinterpretive Porn Star) has shown his true colours with this wonderful piece of fanart.
High Octane Nightmare Fuel: It's quite easy to send Sonichu into this territory, and the darker fanfics easily qualify. One that comes to mind is A Girl who Brought Down the World, which is based more upon the author himself than the actual series. Told from the view of a young girl (at least at first), this NaNoWriMo project shows what just might happen should anyone as insane as Chris get into power. It's... worrisome.
The fanfic "Chris Gets Laid." Especially the beginning. The whole thing is filled to the brim with High Octane Nightmare Fuel, but how it starts is just... oh god.
Recommended listening during the reading session is, of course, entries from the Silent Hill soundtrack. "Betrayal" works well for the climax.
Vivian's video "please...why...please...why...why...", an intensely disturbing theory about what's going on in Chris' head concerning the Megan Saga.
Not to mention "Halloween 09 is cancelled :(." Short but HORRIFYING.
One must wonder what the trolls posing as Chris's sweethearts must deal with. While his displays of affection are creepy enough, imagine being the one actually receiving them. His declarations of love seem to get crazier over time too: for example, compare this video for Julie to this one for Ivy, which was made about a month later. And that's not including his videos aimed at Kacey...
One video has him playing out a revenge fantasy on camera where he proceeds to play out slitting Clyde Clash's throat with an actual knife.
Then there's his Creepy Stare.
Hell, pretty much everything Chris Chandler does or says ends up being High Octane Nightmare Fuel in some form or another.
Perhaps the biggest piece of HONF with Chandler, however, is the fairly-recently-come-to-light way about how he perceives reality. He doesn't think of cartoons and the like as a storytelling medium; he is convinced that all of them, including his own work, exists in a Who Framed Roger Rabbit-esque Toonland, coexistant to physical reality. This is why he gets so enraged at people who write Sonichu "fanfic" and whatnot, because he perceives this as altering reality. Why is this nightmare fuel? Well, hell, just think about it from his perspective: CWC lives in a world where not just he but anyone can change the consensus reality with the mere power of thought and words. He essentially lives in an MCEscher painting. Is it any wonder he's so messed up?
What makes it really scary is if he really does think all these fictional characters exist, that would by extension make him a mass-murderer.
This video, which looks like it should be the intro for a documentary about Chris-Chan.
There's something... disturbing in his papier-mâché Sonic's eyes.
Hilarious In Hindsight: In the Lost in Wal-Mart Choose Your Own Adventure, At Your Own Pace, one of the endings has Chris becoming a Juggalo after fancying a Wal-Mart employee's Hatchet Man medallion. Eventually, Chris released this video.
Another Hilarious In Hindsight moment (or Funny Aneurysm Moment, Your Mileage May Vary) is when Chris says that he didn't have a Death Note in a video made shortly after the death of BILLY MAYS. In an email to Vivian, he says "HAVE A GODDAMN HEART ATTACK RIGHT NOW, THE MOMENT YOU READ THIS MESSAGE, YOU GOD DAMN BITCHING WHORE!"
Which is made weirder in hindsight when you realize that despite writing this to her, he still considers her to be his friend (or as he puts it, "gal-pal").
Hollywood Tone Deaf: Chris really cannot sing to save his life.
Home Porn Movie: Chris declared that he will film himself having sex with a woman for the first (and maybe second) time, and then upload the video on the internet so he can finally prove to trolls that HE IS STRAIGHT! Proving that is so important to him, that, if necessary, he will film the event without his partner's knowledge and consent. And that's not even getting into his previous sex tape of him sharing an intimate moment with a sex doll while shouting Julie's name...
Hurl It Into The Sun: This is what Chris wants to do to the tobacco supply in earth.
Actually, now he wants to dump it all on the moon since "[...]the smell from all that [[Chris and drugs#Tobacco|tobacky] would likely emit from the giant star and stink up our Galaxy."
Hypocrite: Chris at one point whined about how the winner in a contest he participated in should have been disqualified for breaking the contest rules and then admitted to trying to stuff the ballot box in the very same email. He later sent a complaint to the company about contest participants he thought had violated the rules, saying "It's not a matter of jealousy or loss; it's the principal of rule violations. Justice will be done to the seven people involved in the four violating videos..." The astounding thing is not so much his hypocrisy as the sheer off-handedness with which he admits to cheating immediately after whining about how the contest winner broke the rules, as if he has no clue how such behavior makes him look.
Furthermore, he is outraged when people steal his characters. If he steals from Nintendo, Sega, or anyone else, though... that's licensed parody.
Chris is a massive hypocrite, often telling people one thing in order to get with their good graces (e.g. saying he doesn't have a problem with gay people when fans threaten to abandon the comic) and immediately contradicting it (e.g. saying he doesn't have a problem with gay people at the start of a video, and spending the rest of the video bashing gay people. It's possible that at least part of this is due to the Brutal Honesty mentioned above; it's the clash between Chris's desire to suck up to his fans and his complete inability to control what comes out of his mouth). In fact, let's just say this: When Chris extols the virtues of Truth and Honesty, it's his version of the truth and what he honestly hopes the other guy will believe.
Similarly, he brings up how Michael Snyder is a Jewish name, brings up how he doesn't have anything against Jews (which, given that he brought up the subject in the first place, is suspect), then ends the video using "Jew" as an insult like he was Eric Cartman.
The Mailbag feature on his website is a goldmine for Chris' golden nuggets of hypocrisy, as trolls feed him constantly with messages asking for advice, which Chris is more than happy to dispense but never actually take into consideration himself. He frequently lambasts the posters for being immature and telling them to grow up (when he himself still lives with his parents, spends all of his money on toys and video games and acts like an angry five-year-old when he can't get his way), get a job (while he has only managed to hold a job for two months of his entire life) and stop using his characters without his permission (but he will not hesitate to copy "fan"-characters and change them* i.e. remove any personality they may have had without bothering to ask first, and will stubbornly claim that the character was his all along when someone calls him out on it, even if that someone is the creator of that character) and slandering him (whereas he is quite content with drawing cartoonish, demonized versions of the people who antagonize him, on the internet as well as real life, and then drawing himself ruining their lives and/or killing them brutally).
As an added bonus, the reason why he thinks he has so much power over Sonichu fan-characters is because he has a Copyright for Sonichu. So that means his mashup is perfectly acceptable in the face of two giant corporations, while nobody but him is allowed to do anything Sonichu-related if he doesn't approve of it.
Chris called Asperchu "Vulgar Fanfiction", despite he himself writing a series that takes place in some combination universe of Pokemon and Sonic, with various characters having sex and talking dirty.
http://archive.sonichu.com/cwcipedia/index.php?title=Image:SchuComic10P98.jpg This "ad." (Hotlinking redirected to a virus, copy-paste the address) Yes, that's a Captain Ersatz. Talking about how ripping off is wrong. Chris sees nothing wrong with this.
Be fair; A Captain Ersatz isn't a ripoff, it's an homage. Chris doesn't use ersatzen because he thinks he's being original rather than knowing he's basing things on other things as a tribute.
Then how about Chris using not a Captain Ersatz but the Bugs Bunny himself to condemn a troll pretending to be Jimmy Hill for "stealing" Sonichu?
Christian expects women to accept the fact that he's autistic and love him anyway... but at the same time he made it clear that he wouldn't be interested in dating autistic women. He even noted: "Although I, myself, am High-Functionally Autistic, but that's beside the point", with no hint of him realizing his hypocrisy.
He doesn't want a girlfriend, he wants a beautiful and obedient sex slave mother sex slave and mother combined.
In fact, the whole subject of Christian's attitude towards other people with autism/Asperger syndrome/physical deformities etc. is a goldmine of his hypocrisy. Chris uses his autism as a crutch and feels it entitles him to being a recipient of everyone's pity and admiration; at the same time, he gladly admits that he doesn't like to associate with other people with autism, especially people with low-functioning autism, because "it would be like looking through a window to hell to me", which is why he doesn't want to volunteer to help them. His views about people with facial deformities that make it impossible for them to speak clearly or people with Asperger syndrome are vomit-inducing as well.
Don't forget how he whines and rages about the trolls "ruining" his life while himself is an horrendous troll who doesn't hesitate to insult, menace, curse and even (attempt to) vandalize other people's sites just because they don't give him blind praise or refuse to obey his selfish demands like good, obedient SLAVES. He also asks his "TRUE and LOYAL fanbase" to troll people he doesn't like.
Tropes found in Trolling, Trollfics, and RealLife: I-P
I Know Mortal Kombat: You could call this a pretty spectacular aversion. The fan remixes are almost as good.
I'm Your Biggest Fan: Robert Simmons V.
Ineffectual Death Threats: Again, all the freaking time!
"I'LL BREAK YOU DEAD!!"
"DIIIIIEEEE YOOOOOOUUUU!"
"ENNNNNNNNGH! I'll SSSTRANGLE that Clyde Cash!"
One of the most unsettling examples is him apparently threatening to kill Youtube user vivitheg and her family. Why? She made audiobooks of the comics, with annotations that mock the various plotholes, inconsistencies and so on. Chris only really noticed them when she announced that DVDs of the audiobooks would be released, and that's when he started raging over her trying to make money off of Sonichu. This was then followed up with Vivian leaking an e-mail he sent to her, in which he wished for her to die of a "goddamn heart attack".
I'm not afraid to SHOW MY FANGS!!!
He has also threatened the creator of Asperchu by saying that the spirit of his dead dog was going to enter his dreams and eat his soul.
He's also tried to threaten CWCki... with a knife. The worst thing is that Chris is convinced that his latest ex-"sweetheart's" personal information was removed from CWCki because CWCki people were scared of his earlier threats.* The truth is that the woman herself demanded its removal. This "victory" will probably lead Chris to resort to threats more often in the future, and to make his threats more violent.
And here we go: "I will find you, I will cut you up, I will beat you up, I will knock you on your backside, stand on your gut like a log roller, and roll your fat right through your skull! Blow it wide open!"
"I am going to SHOVE YOUR ASS, DOWN YOUR THROAT, and MAKE you EAT YOUR UNDERWEAAAAR!"
Inspirationally Disadvantaged: So, so, so averted.
Internet Backdraft: A troll convinced a thirteen-year-old kid to fake being a woman and call Chris. Chris, like with many other "Gal-Pals", got an obsession with "her", and the events that followed lead to phone sex and a leaked sex video (don't worry - it's Chris and his blow-up doll pretending the doll to be the kid, when he didn't learn of the gender). When some of the trolls found out about the age, there was a huge troll backdraft... and it was on ED of all places.
Not to mention "Twin Falling Towers."
Chris using the N-word to insult Surfshack Tito also pissed off trolls. In fact, it might have been one of the main reasons why trolls decided to vandalize CWCipedia.
Internet Mimic: A very large number of trolls imitate his rather... unique style of writing which usually consists of: ALL CAPS AT ANY MOMENT THAT NEEDS STRONG EMOTION, Capitalizing Every Important Part Of A Sentence, using certain phrases repeatedly as if they were proper nouns* "I do not listen to those who overreact and condescend to me with LOUD Tones and Harshest Attitudes." and aping his 'CWC-isms'.
Internet Tough Guy: He has threatened people with Frivolous Lawsuits and Curse-ye-hamehas because they mocked him or plagiarized his work. It doesn't work if the work is derived from another Intellectual Property.
Now Chris has switched a gear and directly menaces people with brutally killing them with his ridiculously tiny knife. It still doesn't works because Chris is a well known real-life coward who immediately begs, whines and backpedals at the first sign of danger.
Irony: It's rather strange that Chris, nominally a devout Christian, is a fan of Family Guy, a series which has been downright vitriolic towards religion in general, most specifically Christianity.
Not to mention how a Season 9 episode of Family Guy delivered a not-so-subtle message against people like Chris.
Another to add on is that as much as Chris hates gay men, he hates men in general for "taking all the pretty girls away with none for him to choose from." If there were more gay men, he wouldn't have this problem, now would he?
He wouldn't have the problem of women brushing him off with claims of boyfriends, you mean. He'd still have the problem of being an astoundingly creepy narcissist harboring violent revenge fantasies of everyone who has ever crossed him (in reality or his mind) and an apparent lack of boundaries with women he's sexually infatuated with. For some reason, women have trouble getting past that part.
In one of the Mailbags, someone actually told Chris that if there were more gay men, he would have less romantic rivals. Chris claimed that still wouldn't help him, because... well... yeah.
It's All About Me: How about the fact that Chris only started Sonichu the comic series as an accomplishment he could brag about to potential girlfriend candidates, and in fact appears in said comic as the main character's father, the mayor of the city where most of the action takes place, as well as his God Mode Sue alter-ego with ridiculous Combo Platter Powers and a Transformer for a car? And this is only the premise...
It Got Worse: Initially, /v/ only knew two things about Chris. He made a horrible fancomic, and he stalked girls at the mall. Now the trolling has a separate board dedicated to trolling Chris and an entire wiki documenting his life. This happened in the space of a few years.
Also, Chris-chan's life in general.
Jerkass Woobie: On one hand, Chris is a horribly prejudiced individual with delusions of grandeur and is completely out of touch with reality and other people, while on the other he does seem to have genuine problems that Trolls absolutely delight in taking advantage of and enjoy tormenting far in excess in what he deserves if they would have just ignored him. However, it gets harder and harder to feel sorry for him the more you read about him.
Chris wants to be The Woobie, (in fact, he seems to think the best way to get a girlfriend is to get women to date him out of pity) but it doesn't quite work. In fact, one reason the CWCki seems to exist is to make sure that no one is fooled by Chris's "poor me" act by presenting and preserving all his abhorrent behavior.
Bob could also qualify as a Jerkass Woobie. A redneck racist and homophobic (he grew up before the Civil Rights Movement, unlike Chris), two of his children want nothing to do with him, the youngest refuses to move out or do anything at all to better himself, and he's stuck in a bad marriage with the youngest's mother. Not to mention that he has to put up with trolling and being plastered over the internet by his idiot son. He seems to be genuinely lonely as well, based on his interactions with trolls.
Although given what we know about both Bob and one of his sons, it's likely that the kids are perfectly justified in wanting nothing to do with the sod.
Justifying Edit: The CWCki will often have sections of pages that will try to explain the contents of the article. For example, they say that Chris's incredibly hypocritical look at the Bible is probably due to his priest (the only authority he acknowledges) being incredibly liberal when it comes to alternate interpretations.
Kayfabe: For example, Billy Mays from PVCC is not dead and was not replaced by Anthony Sullivan, Ryan and Clyde Cash did not kill themselves, Liquid Chris is an impostor the TRUE and HONEST Christian Weston Chandler, and Solid Chris is Christian Weston Chandler an impostor called Ian Brandon Anderson Something.
Kick The Dog: Chris does this on a regular basis.
A prime example is poor sonichuizcool, a young, mentally retarded girl who was almost certainly the only genuine fan Chris ever had. He, of course, mocked her and her disabilities until she went away because he decided, without anything vaguely resembling evidence, that she was a troll. This was before Chris was heavily targeted by actual trolls, so you can't even chalk it up to paranoia.
Kids Are Cruel: Even when he deserved it, one does have to admit that what BlueSpike (13 years) did with Chris (Playing with him, making him do disgusting/humiliating things, including breaking his medallion and shoving the pieces up his own ass) was cruel. He also seemed to enjoy torturing him.
And voluntarily spending hours listening to Chris masturbating. It's probably safe to say that he's got a few screws loose himself.
Kill Em All: What seems to be going on in season 2... which is shaping up to be WAY better than season 1!
Knife Nut: Chris somehow managed to obtain a knife. Judging by the fact that in a short period of time he threatened Clyde Cash, some other troll and the editors of CWCki with it, having a knife makes him feel powerful and he thinks it will solve all his problems. This of course doesn't make him look creepy and mentally unbalanced at all.
It makes him look like future Prison or Mental Asylum material if he doesn't puts an end to it.
You have to wonder just how dangerous a 2-inch penknife really is in the hands of someone who takes at least 5 seconds to pull it out and open it with both hands. When he manages to open it at all.
Knight Templar: Subverted. He tries to make himself look like one, but it's clear that the only thing fuelling his self-righteousness is ego.
Know Nothing Know It All: Chris repeatedly proves that he knows nothing about relationships, sex, parenting, copyright, drawing and several other subjects. That of course doesn't stop him from considering himself the greatest expert ever on these subjects and offering advice on them to fans.
Lack Of Empathy: Chris is a terrifying combination of Autism, which makes it difficult for him to understand when and how to be empathetic, Narcissism which makes him incredibly self centered and a child-like naïvete which makes him simply unaware of what other people consider traumatic. When he comforts people he usually says "move on" or starts talking about how his dog died. To provide a particularly grisly example, when he tweeted about his father's hospitalization as a result of congested heart failure, his main concern was apparently his own level of stress, thanks to only getting four hours of sleep. His fanbase had to wait more than two months until Chris finally decided to briefly mention that his father recovered... even though in the meantime he posted a few tweets and blog entries, as well as several new videos, raging or ranting on various subjects mostly related to himself, but not even mentioning what was happening to his father. Bob is in his eighties and has had four heart attacks; his hospitalization isn't something that should be taken so lightly.
To be fair, his father isn't the most likable person there is; it's not a very good Freudian Excuse but neither are great people. Bob's only popular becuase he antagonizes Chris.
Let's face it, at this point, it's likely that it's finally impossible for Chris to even understand humanity or basic emotion.
Larynx Dissonance: Mary Lee Walsh in Sonichu: The Animated Series. By her second appearance, she has a very Dr. Girlfriend-esque voice, despite the fact that every other female character is voiced by either an actual girl or someone at least trying to attempt a girl's voice.
The Leisure Suit Larry: Chris has elements of this: He's been dedicated to his Love Quest for years now, but his methods have been modestly questionable (he used to loiter around shopping malls drawing comics and playing with his Nintendo DS, hoping a Boyfriend-Free Girl would eventually notice him). In fact, the only reason the Sonichu comic exists in the first place is so that Chris would have at least one significant accomplishment with which to impress potential mates.
Legacy Character: Many trolls adopt the persona of the Man in the Pickle Suit, a shadowy and nefarious figure whom Chris believes masterminds the trolling efforts.
Limited Wardrobe: Just like his comic character, he tends to wear the same style of shirts over and over again. A line in the comic about how he couldn't even imagine himself in the lead of a story he was reading unless he looked at himself in the mirror to remember his appearance seems to indicate why he wants his appearance to be as static as possible (and perhaps why he can't see himself as being overweight).
Literal Minded: Due to combination of his autism, unwillingness to learn and just not being very smart in general, Chris tends to interpret figurative speech literally.
Loads And Loads Of Characters: Between Chris, his immediate family, his extended family, his gal-pals, his "sweethearts", and his trolls, there are easily over 40 people to keep track of.
Logic Bomb: At one point during A Girl who Brought Down the World, the Author Avatar must stop Chris from having sex with her. She does this by telling him that he can have sex with her, but only if it's a threesome with another man. Cue Chris leaving the room in confusion.
Love At First Sight: Basically every single couple in the comic, while Chandler himself is a big proponent of this as well, falling in love with pretty much any female he has extended contact with, and on one occasion actually proposing to a woman he had never actually met. He seems to think he'll marry the first woman he has a successful date with.
Love Makes You Crazy: On the silly end of the spectrum is Chris making videos for his girlfriend's pet hermit crabs and hopping around like the Easter bunny. On the scary end of the spectrum are videos like For My Sweetest Ivy. All for the same girl, incidentally, who made Chris particularly strange.
Love Triangle: First there was Chris/Blanca Weiss/Sarah Jackson triangle, which ended when Sarah died in a car crash (don't worry, Chris moved on). Later there were Chris/PandaHalo/BlueSpikeJulie (hilarity ensued when Panda and Julie "found out" that Chris was a two-timer) and Chris/PandaHalo/Clyde Cash (who hinted that he wouldn't mind turning this into an OT3) triangles, which ended when Panda died in a bushfire Chris convinced himself that Panda died in a bushfire (don't worry, Chris moved on). And later there was Solid Chris/Kacey/Liquid Chris triangle, which ended with Kacey dumping Solid Chris and marrying Liquid (don't worry, at the same time Solid managed to "copyright" Sonichu, which was enough for him to move on).
He moved on before that. He practically said Liquid could have Kacey as long as Solid was acknowledged as being the real Christian Weston Chandler.
The Ivy Saga wasn't free of these either. Even though Ivy was the recipient of particularly memorable displays of Chris' affection, said affection did't stop Chris from cybering with a troll Vanessa Hudgens.
Christian's videos from mid-March 2010 are somewhat incoherent, but it looks like he is convinced that a mysterious troll nicknamed Surfshack Tito "stole" his latest "sweetheart" from him. And for that reason Chris wants to murder him.
Lying Creator: "Original characters" my ass.
One hilarious one that could have easily been averted was accusations that Rosechu was male because she lacks the shortened tail female Raichus have in the 4th Generation Pokemon games. How? By initially explaining how Rosechu was created prior to the 4th generation games. Instead, he edits a portion of his comic to show Rosechu having a blunted tail like 4th Generation female Raichus, and claims it's been this way the entire time. Even if he did edit the source as well, there's still countless things he's drawn with Rosechu that do not have a blunted tail. Because he follows this logic, trolls now acknowledge that Rosechu was always male.
In Mailbag 49 someone actually pointed out to Chris that he could handle the issue by stating that Rosechu was created before there were gender differences in Pokémon games. Chris agreed... and then once again claimed that he never drew Raichu with pointed tail.
For a better list on how much he lies, check here.
Man Child: Chris is pretty much the dictionary definition of this trope, with a hint of Psychopathic Manchild: Both his family and his welfare check have allowed him to live as a child eternally, playing children's card games, filling his bedroom with toys, spending all his disposable income (and more!) on games and exhibiting the artistic abilities and social skills of a 6-year-old.
Mass Hypnosis: In response to an increasing number of fans who claimed that they won't read Sonichu anymore and that Asperchu is better, Chris released this video.
Mathematician's Answer: In one of the Mailbags:
kaybear@mail.com: You're almost 28. Why do you think you are still a virgin at your age?
Chris: Because I still have not ever had sexual intercourse.
Meaningful Rename: In 1992, after "the bear," a performer in a bear costume playing in a band at the local mall, confused Christopher's name for Christian, the young Mr. Chandler took it as a sign from God to change his first name to Christian.
Memetic Molester: Chris. Especially regarding poor Megan.
The Megan fiasco is actually quite unsettling when you find out more about it; from the e-mails she sent him telling him to stop touching her, to his attempt to take her to a hotel in an apparent bid to have sex with her.
There is absolutely nothing "memetic" about it when you consider Megan.
The scariest part of the whole thing is that Chris claimed that if he hadn't drawn porn of her, he "might actually have done something really dumb and stupid." Jesus. Christ.
And drawing porn of your own best friend isn't something really dumb and stupid?
Compared to the alternative, it's Mensa material, especially since the porn finally convinced his friend to get the hell away from him. That's not what Chris intended, of course, but, really, who cares?
Memetic Mutation
"Get away from the Internet! I'm cuttin' it down, right now!" Bob Chandler, Internet Lumberjack.
From the same Saga: "Julay! JULAAAAAAAAAAAY!" (Though that one's become an Overused Running Gag by now.)
The Oversized Drinking Straw of Fail.
And who can forget "I NAME IS NOT IAN! BRANDON! SOMETHING!" [sic]
Many "CWCisms," to the point that he practically has his own tropes, used here ("pedofork," "virgin with rage," "dirty, crapped briefs," and so forth. Basically, any particular phrasing you see twice in even this article came from something Chris-chan said, or was found on the wiki that is frequently linked to here.)
Your meme has been read fully, and your thoughts have been inputed and accepted for better improvement. Thank you for your time and efforts.
Minor Injury Overreaction: Count Graduon, the head honcho villain of the comics, is named for Chris's graduation, at which he cried because he didn't get an award for his art "skills". Most villains based on real people are demonized versions of those who were upholding the law against public solicitation of sex and gave him the appropriate punishment.
He has also declared the loss of his personal wiki, of all things, the worst thing he has suffered and declared his wish to execute the people presumed responsible. And later he actually had them tortured and executed in his comic.
Misaimed Marketing: Chris is outraged by the fact that, despite its hideously chauvinistic ad campaigns, Axe body spray is mostly popular among gay men.
While technically not marketed, Chris's comic is aimed at children. Its readers consist mainly of either trolls or troll sympathizers.
Mission From God: Chris will get laid. Not to prove his heterosexuality. Not because that's what he thinks being an adult is all about. No, he will get laid so that he may father Crystal Weston Chandler, because GodJesus commands it.
Though it seems that proving his heterosexuality is at least equally important to him (see Home Porn Movie above).
It's also worth noting that Chris Chan is a bit selective about which missions from GodJesus he accepts. He tried to justify his Quest For Sex claiming that God and Jesus ordered him to father a daughter in one of his dreams... but in the same dream he also supposedly saw himself having an office job, and yet we don't see him engaging in any "quest for office job".
Moe Anthropomorphism: CWCki-tan, the CWCki's official mascot.
Money Dear Boy: Chris, after wishing death on her several times, made Audiobook director Vivitheg a peace offering via email, apologising for his rash attitude. He then asked that he be paid for 25% of any profits made from anything related to the Audiobooks. Smooth, Chris.
She complied by giving him 100% of all profits. And the audiobook is free.
Mood Whiplash: Regular viewers of his online hijinks alternate between sympathy for Chris on the one hand and angry impatience with his conceited idiocy/occasional expressions of prejudice on the other. Just about every comments section for his videos has several people remarking that they "remember why" they don't always feel sorry for him.
Christian's habit of finishing his statements with wishing everyone a good day or showing a peace sign sometimes creates unintentional Mood Whiplash. For example, Chris wished everyone a good day right after writing: "And to all MEN with girlfriends, except marrieds and blacks, go jump off a cliff", or yelling that HE WILL STRANGLE THAT CLYDE CASH!
"Death to the trolls, peace to everyone else."
Moral Event Horizon: Bluespike, though there is some debate as to whether it was making Chris destroy his medal and put the remains where the sun doesn't shine or yelling at him to burn down his house.
There's also Bluespike being a thirteen-year-old and having phone sex with Chris. This enraged a great deal of Chris trolls.
Chris himself has done a couple of things that could be considered MEHs, such as the creation of ShecameforCWC.JPG or his reaction to Panda's supposed rape (or really, anything involving Chris and rape, as he has a rather... skewed opinion on the subject). If not those two, his mocking of 9/11 certainly counts. It even pissed off the trolls!
Don't worry, he apologized... and reused the Twin Towers picture... as candles on a cake... aflame... which he snuffs out.
He spent half a year mourning the death of his dog. It is known that he broke down in tears over it half a year after the event transpired. Panda, on the other hand? Twelve hours later he was cybering with Julie.
And speaking of Bluespike, during the conversation he clearly cared more for his PSN than he did "Julie."
Then there was the leaked email exchange between Chris where his half-brother is begging him for help resolving questions he has about his parentage... and Chris ignores this to ask for his help with ballot-stuffing an internet contest. Yes, he's that cold and self-centered even with his own flesh and blood.
How about Chris responding to the death of a fan with a copied-and-pasted message about how "[their] letter has been read fully, and [their] thoughts have been inputed and accepted for better improvement"?
To be fair, the whole thing was blatantly fake.
Christian thought it was real, though.
Don't forget how Christian Chandler attempted to run over a Mall guard with his his mother's car after they kicked him out for soliciting sex.
If Michael Snyder is telling the truth - which, if you read between lines, Chris-Chan himself pretty much confirmed - Chris taking photos of Snyder's daughter and attempting to run him over with a car. Chris claims he was taking pictures of Snyder to throw darts at it, and that Michael jumped on his car. The former does sound plausible, given Chris as a person, though it may not be the whole truth. The latter... not so much.
He shows no distraught over the death of his own father. The only thing stopping him from undoubtely being a Complete Monster is the fact he can't act out his twisted imagination in real life.
My Beloved Smother: Chris's mother Barbara seems to be pretty damn overbearing of him... quite possibly to an improper degree.* Chris himself admitted that he confides in her about his masturbation habits, so really, anything is possible here. It's clear that her constant pampering and indulgence of Chris and his antics, along with her obvious reluctance to seek any actual professional assistance for Chris and his disadvantages, played a major role in turning Chris into the reclusive, socially inept and narcissistic Jerkass that he is today. When it comes to her treatment of poor old Cole Smithey, though, she crosses the line into out-and-out abusiveness.
Name's The Same: Whoever Ian Brandon Anderson really is, he's probably not the frontman for Jethro Tull. That's Ian Scott Anderson.
Narm: Chris' personal conduct is a great source of Narm because his entire self-image seems to be a stunning example of either rampant self-deception, this phenomenon in action, or some combination of both. He seems to be blissfully unaware of what a laughable failure on virtually every level he is and to genuinely believe himself to be an intelligent, nice, handsome, strong man who has endured horrible and totally undeserved suffering, and whose enemies are only out to get him because they're bigoted against autistics or otherwise bad people, and he conducts himself accordingly. This results in all sorts of unintentional comedy. Like him trying to be intimidating. And him responding to being called on his complete lack of worldly accomplishments by making simple household chores like pulling weeds out to be some kind of heroic effort and suggesting they're comparable to serving in the Gulf War. Or claiming to have an IQ of over 300 while demonstrating he has no clue how big the solar system is and that he apparently thinks you can "recycle" ejaculate back into your sperm count by swallowing it. Or writing such narmy lines as "my heart was hit so bad, that it sprung a leak... it leaked pain, torment and the deep feelings I had held in for so long. *sigh*", which are hilarious when you contrast his rhetoric with what his conduct suggests about the true nature of his emotional life (namely that he's a selfish, egotistical, borderline sociopathic man-child whose "pain" and "torment" is mostly resentment at the world not always accomodating his king-sized sense of entitlement).
"Do me a favor, draw a VAGINA on my Rosechu; Rosechu IS A GIRL; SHE NEVER HAD A FREAKIN' PICKLE!!!! IF I SEE ONE MORE FREAKIN' PICKLE, AND YOU MAY SPREAD THIS QUOTE TO OTHER ADULT FAN ARTISTS, I WILL CREATE YOU IN SOUL CALIBUR III AND BEAT YOU UP LIKE THERE'S NO TOMORROW!!!"
"I feel like I am quick-decisive, I can move like a ninja, and my mind is sharp."
"YOU ARE ABOUT TO ENTER NEW TERRITORY THAT MAY OPEN NEW CREATIVE DOORS WITHIN YOUR MIND. ARE YOU 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER?". Because nothing opens new creative doors within one's mind like atrociously drawn Rule 34 pictures.
National Stereotypes: It seems that Christian's entire "knowledge" of Native Americans or "Brits, Irish and Scots" consists of nothing more than these stereotypes.
Nausea Fuel: "Recycling." Why why WHY would you film yourself... ugh...
You will never look at fanta the same way again.
Neutral Evil: Chris doesn't feel the slightiest remorse when he dishes death threats, begs Jesus to kill his "enemies" and tries to use the superpowers that he thinks he have to doom anyone who doesn't like him to Hell for all eternity. He comments (and feels PROUD) to have attempted to run over a mall guard with his his mother's car after said guard kicked him out for soliciting sex, AND also comments he needs to masturbate to "keep his hormones under control and keep himself from assaulting women." He only cares about himself, feels completely justified to do whatever it takes to get what he wants, feels absolutely NO remorse for the horrendous things he does to others, and absolutely refuses to admit he may be wrong after all. Some people honestly think that it's a matter of time until Christian ends up causing a tragedy IRL and his victims will never know why.
Never Live It Down: Chris only used the Unusual Euphemism "niggos" (instead of "n----rs") once, but it's been mocked endlessly. (BlueSpike was trying to make him say "BILLY MAYS is the new mayor of CWCville, and Christian Chandler will be thrown in CWCville jail, where he will be raped by a bunch of niggers.", but Chris changed the last word.)
And now, the sequel: insulting a troll by calling him "n----r". Time only tells if he'll ever live this one down either.
And dirty crapped briefs. And the photo of him in his mother's underwear. And drinking his semen. And... yeah, Chris tends to get a lot of these.
Never My Fault: Chris absolutely will not ever admit that he is at fault for any of the bad things that happen to him, even saying his elementary school board was somehow to blame for his adult failures.
One of the more infamous episodes also doubled as a Moral Event Horizon for many. Megan, who by all accounts, by even the most jaded trolls, was an absolute saint for wanting to be friends with Chris, continuing to hang out with him even after he endlessly tried to touch her, was convinced they were dating when she made it emphatically clear that they were not, and in general was just an all round Jerkass to her. Then, after he started getting trolled, in a bizarre move, somehow expecting doing so would make him "victorious" uploaded several self made rule 34 drawings, including one of Megan. She, very apporpriately, was horrified, and severed all ties with Chris, finally having had enough of his sexual harrassment. Chris to this day blames the trolls for driving away his only friend. Nice Job Breaking It Hero.
He also blames his failure at getting a girlfriend on the "Infinitely High Boyfriend Factor," apparently not realizing that, first off, claiming to be in a relationship already is a handy way to not give someone you have no intention of dating your number without just saying "you're fat, ugly, and creepy." He also absolutely refuses to acknowledge that the manner in which he acts, including but not limited to, blatant sexism, unwanted touching, poor hygiene, and insistence on discussing his comic with all potential dates, tends to act as a deterrent for the opposite sex.
While he never actually blames outside individuals for this one, whenever a new troll poses as a girlfriend for him (there have been literally dozens), many white knights feel compelled to warn him over and over that they are trolls, but he refuses to listen to them. It's quite ironic; he thinks the trolls are white knights, and the white knights are trolls. When the troll eventually reveals themselves, Chris' reaction is invariably him displaying shock, and claiming he never could have seen it coming.
Nice Job Breaking It Hero: Chris removed the wifi antenna from his PS3 in an attempt to get rid of a bug that was put on it.
Noob: Despite spending the majority of his time and income on gaming, Chris has been described as "pretty terrible at all the games he played", routinely losing to small children before he got banned from The Game Place.
Not Listening To Me Are You: Typically noticeable in phone conversations, plus having to be prodded just to give a response in RL conversations.
"Your letter has been read fully, and your thoughts have been inputed and accepted for better improvement. Thank you for your time and efforts." - Infamous response to multiple letters in Mailbag 52. One of which was a widow informing Chris her husband died due to his inaction. He claims to have been simply stumped on what else to say. Except he does the same to an automated message regarding the memorial.
Not Quite Dead: Clyde Cash and PandaHalo.
Only Sane Employee: In the Animated Adaptation, Ms. Allison shows signs of this with regard to running the city. In fact, she's probably the only sane person in the animated adaptation.
Orwellian Editor: Chris is very, very intent on correcting the internet's twisted image of himself (specifically that of Encyclopedia Dramatica) with varied degrees of success... to the point where he has essentially copypasted the entirety of the ED article on himself (which is already horridly out of date) and applied a series of personal corrections.
He has also gone back and corrected any of his CWCipedia articles if they contradict what he would currently say about what has happened. He may not be as thorough as the Ministry of Truth, but he has that same motivation.
Panty Shot: Chris, halfway into this video.
Paper Thin Disguise: Liquid Chris. The scary part is that Solid Chris thinks people are actually falling for it.
Solid Chris himself partially fell for it. He still thinks that Liquid's name is actually Christian Weston Chandler; in ninth call between Solid Chris and Alec Benson Leary, Solid referred to Liquid as "the other Chris".
Chris himself apparently tried this in a series of phonecalls to Liquid's girlfriend, impersonating Liquid. It didn't work, but Kacey humored him and played along.
The best part is that both Chris and Kacey forget that Chris is supposed to be impersonating Liquid. Chris doesn't catch on.
Chris once also attempted to infiltrate an IRC conversation between major trolls. With the nickname of "SonichuClone." While claiming to be a 30-year-old troll named Bill Riley. Using this as his picture.
Before that, he attempted to impersonate a troll whose e-mail account he hacked* well, actually a troll who allowed Chris to hack his/her e-mail account as a part of Batman Gambit when contacting Jack Thaddeus. Hilarity ensued because Chris learned a bit too late that the account he hacked belonged to Jack's "daughter"; and even after he caught on, he impersonated her so badly that it made Jack remark that he should "stop acting like a Chris Chan."
He also once vandalized his ED page while pretending to be George W. Bush.
Recently, he attempted to vandalize the CWCki using the account "GodofThunderGodofWar", failing as usual. He was quickly discovered thanks to his Unique Writing Style and some IP testing and got treated with all the respect he deserved.
Paranoia Fuel: Many of us love videogames and cartoons (Japanese and otherwise) that are probably intended for people younger than ourselves. Many of us have had romantic difficulties in past. Some of us may write our own webcomics, or other Troper Works. And many of us are terrified of being like Chris, the ultimate otaku, a terrifying mirror held up to anime, manga, and video game fandom.
People with Asperger's Syndrome or other forms of autism already see him as an Anti Role Model.
Another frightening thought: if anything we produce, either in real life or online, becomes such an object of derision as to inspire entire wikis devoted to our failures.
Furthermore, if you were Yuji Naka or Satoshi Tajiri and learned how badly some guy got messed up over your creative works.
Want to make this even better? Tajiri has Aspergers.
People's Republic Of Tyranny: The True and Honest Lovers' City of CWCville, named "in a way similar to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea." A place where Chris' initials are plastered everywhere out of "love," a non-elected "mayor" makes dictatorial decrees, the autocrat's secretary has to do all actual administrative duties while the head of government runs around chasing tail, what sparse buildings dot the landscape are run-down and lopsided, and the only relief in sight is a guerilla movement headed by the dean of the town college.
Also, anti-homosexuality laws enforced by constant psychic surveillance.
Repealed only because it would force the psychic in question to watch homoerotic thoughts, not the invasion of privacy.
Pet The Dog: One of the trolls, Vivian, sent Chris's dad a present for his 82nd birthday.
Jack Thaddeus removed the biggest and most hardcore ads from CWCipedia after the news about Chris' father's hospitalization.
In addition, several trolls have sent Bob flowers and other gifts while he is hospitalized.
Clyde Cash, one of the most notorious trolls, hacked into Chris's Club Nintendo account... and bought President Barack Obama a Mario hat while he was at it.
Perhaps the only positive trait Chris has ever had was his relationship with his dog, Patti. He actually seemed to care about her, and was genuinely distraught when she died. Keep in mind, this is the guy who didn't mourn the death of his own father.
The Pig Pen: People who have encountered Chris in real life have said he smells like a homeless man or rotting fruits, due to his replacing of showers with Axe body spray. Also, there's the subject of dirty, crapped briefs...
The real irony is that he uses hand sanitiser immediately after shaking someone else's hand.
The Pollyanna: Chris is regularly harassed and humiliated, but rest assured he'll be back on Youtube beaming about his latest endeavour in no time.
Pop Station: Chris's version of Vivi Gee and Dethchemist's Sonichu audiobook.
Potty Failure: Dirty, crapped briefs. Chris compares the fact he occasionally shits his pants as a grown man to an infant child doing the same thing in diapers. The fact he brings this up during an online conversation with Clyde Cash makes this absolutely pathetic.
Eating nothing but fast food and drinking nothing but soda and power drinks for years, while completely removing fruits, veggies and fresh water from his diet? It's a miracle that his digestive system could still work, especialy with all the candy and sweets that Chris stuffs down his throat every day.
Stuff…candy…don't…Chris stuffs vegetables down his throat! He stuffs green beans! He stuffs broccoli! He stuffs corn! He stuffs carrots!
Psychopathic Manchild: Chris. He easily fits the "manchild" part, and may now definitely qualifies as a psychopath as well.
Tropes found in Trolling, Trollfics, and RealLife:Q-Z
Quest For Sex: Nowadays it's obvious that Christian's "Love Quest" is actually this. He wants to get laid so badly that he's willing to reveal all kinds of personal information about himself, including details about his masturbation habits, as well as draw pornographic comic starring himself, photograph himself wearing diapers and film himself running around naked and displaying "random-access humor", masturbating, humping a love doll, drinking his own semen or demonstrating how he would pleasure a woman orally if he thinks it will help him score. And yes, he actually did all these things. Interestingly, though perhaps unsurprisingly, one thing he won't do to get laid is actually improving himself, as evidenced by the Jackie e-mails.
He also won't pay for a prostitute, despite spending well over a thousand dollars on games he will never play.
He is also too coward to even talk to a prostitute, as some trolls once sent TWO hookers to his house and according to them, he panicked and hid behind of his mom until she asked them to leave.
Rape Is Love: Implied in the 'relationship' between Clyde Cash and PandaHalo. Chris now believes that they are Happily Married.
Chris-Chan also believes this to be Truth In Television.
Reality Is Unrealistic: Clips of one of Chris' videos was featured on a radio show, prompting one of the hosts to say that if Chris were a character in a David Lynch movie, he'd think Lynch was trying too hard.
The Reason You Suck Speech: Pretty much all of them. Basically anything that CChanSonichuCWC ('the impersonator', 'Brown Chris', 'Liquid Chris') posts.
There has been at least one time Chris has delivered a very effective The Reason You Suck Speech ... to himself.
Kacey's father gave Chris what is essentially a two-hour-long version of this in a phonecall.
Alec Benson Leary delivered a few of these to him in the phone calls, calling him out on being lazy and belligerent. And Chris hung up.
Sonichu Revolution is pretty much one big TRYSS in comic form, calling Chris out on his ego, laziness, unoriginality and hypocrisy. Naturally, this all flies right over Chris's head and he just complains about the violence.
Refuge In Audacity: Several fanworks, including Sonichu the Animated Series and Sonichu is Gay.
The Remake: The deviantART member gabmonteiro9389 is redoing Sonichu and giving it awesome art. The crap story is still there, but at least the eyesore isn't.
Considering the contents of later issues, better art might not be such a good thing.
Rickroll: An unintentional example, believe it or not.
The Rival: Liquid Chris; a literal rival in the singing contest. In his videos, Liquid shows himself as a sort of God Mode Sue Doppelganger to Chris, copying his mannerisms and (claimed) skills, but doing them pretty well: Liquid actually is fairly handsome and quite talented. Liquid claims to have grown up and taken his creation Sonichu to future success in the video game and comic industry, much to the chagrin of regular Chris.
And now we have Alec Benson Leary's Asperchu, which Chris now believes is "stealing" Sonichu's fanbase.
Rooting For The Empire: Some of the troll depictions portray the Private Villa of Corrupted Citizens as heroic rebels trying to overthrow a Psychopathic Manchild dictator and his army of superpowered enforcers.
More humorlously, and technically in an instance of The Empire rooting for itself, when Chris depicted 4chan as a building, "The 4 Cent Garbage Building," where Satan works as a receptionist, the building is 72 (66 + 6) floors tall, and exists mainly to display Chris's poor sense of humor, he chose to depict its employees as having only one job: drinking beer all day. Instead of being offended, as Chris hoped, the unanimous response was "Fucking with Chris and drinking beer all day and getting paid for it? That sounds like the best job ever."
And drawing Rule Thirty Four art.
From the Meta angle, arguably, anyone who takes sides (see Evil Versus Evil).
Sadistic Choice: Bluespike/Julie/Max is a master at this.
More recently trolls put Sonichu comics on sale on Lulu.com, forcing Chris to choose whether he should officially condemn them, thus breaking his earlier promise that he will leave the Internet (and presumably upsetting some external force that almost certainly made him make that promise in the first place), or whether he should keep aforementioned promise and just watch his precious Sonichu being "stolen" from him. Chris made his choice rather quickly.
Secret Test Of Character: Both Clyde and Bluespike used these on Chris. He failed all of them.
Clyde worked with PandaHalo to claim she was raped and pregnant with his child. Chris treated the rape like it was an affair and agreed to give the hypothetical child to Clyde the moment he offered to do so. Later, Panda made use of the Australian Brushfires to fake her death. Chris moved on to Julie in less than twelve hours.
Speaking of Julie, during his hostage negotiations with Bluespike, he caught on to the secret test (He had to pick Julie or his PSN account) and picked Julie, expecting that he'd pass the test and get the PSN back for making the right choice, revealing that Chris sees women on the same level of overpriced gaming consoles.
Seven Deadly Sins: Chris embodies all of them. Thankfully, Sloth means he will never act seriously on the others... or at least he won't act on them most of the time.
Sloth: He is a parasite who lives on government welfare checks, doesn't work, and can't be arsed to maintain his shitty comic or improve himself.
Lust: He owns all manner of sex toys, has had sex with a blowup doll, views female friends as women who are withholding sex from him, and generally acts like a creepy stalker to gal-pal and stranger alike.
Wrath: He throws tantrums, verbally abused his college dean, and shouts internet death threats all the time.
Envy: He is jealous of men who have girlfriends, and blames them for preventing him from having one (instead of his poor hygiene, awful manners, deplorable behavior, stalkerish tendencies, multiple prejudices, no job, etc).
Greed: He is an extremely materialistic individual who has stolen several thousand dollars off of his parent's credit cards.
Gluttony: He overeats on junk food and other assorted crap.
Pride: He is incapable of taking criticism, he considers his poorly drawn cartoon on par with professionals, he sees himself as entitled to so much despite providing so little, and generally acts like a smug, pompous brat when he isn't raging or sad at some relatively trivial thing.
Self Deprecating Humor: In a FAQ, the CWCki wonders "who really has no life here: Chris, or the people who obsessively document and debate everything he does?"
Self Inflicted Hell: Chris is basically strangling himself with his internet connection.
There's even a saying among the trolls: "No one trolls Chris better than Chris."
Self Fan Service: Mary Lee Walsh went from being an old lady in canon to being a beautiful succubus-resembling demon in trollfics.
Justified in that Chris's art style is so crude that at first most people couldn't tell she was supposed to have gray hair, the only real visual indication of her age in the comic. Early "fan" artists assumed she was younger and had blond hair and red horns instead of a yellow helmet. The design just stuck afterward.
That, and because when the people saw her, they interpreted her golden viking helmet, again, due to Chris' terrible art skills, as her being depicted as having Marylin Monroe like blonde hair, and little she-devil horns. Troll's admiration of her calling Chris out on his bullshit, one of the few people who don't know him from the internet, coupled with the crude representation of her in the comics led to them interpreting her as a sexy blonde she devil who trolls Chris IRL.
Sex Is Cool: This seems to be a central part of Christian's world view. He apparently thinks that because he is obsessed with his "Love Quest" and wants to have sex so badly, everyone else should want it as well, and he's unwilling or unable to comprehend that someone might not be involved in romantic and/or sexual relationship out of choice and perhaps even might not be interested in romance and sex at all. This belief also shows up in his comic, as he finds it necessary to pair his Sonic recolors up and refuses to break them up (because they simply can't be happy if they aren't in relationships), makes Mary Lee Walsh Slaweel Ryam say that she became evil because she was never loved and eradicates asexuality in Sonichu 10.
Shlubb And Klump English: Chris tends to misuse words and phrases that aren't even in common usage in modern English (phrases like "I do not care much for" instead of "I don't like." He even makes up words occasionally (like "instinctions" instead of "distinct instances"). These made-up words have been dubbed "CWC-isms" by his followers.
Shoutout: Metal Gear Solid is very popular with CWC trolls, which can be seen in their antics and parodies; shoutouts to the series are so rampant that it warrants its own page on the CWCki. To a lesser extent, Earthbound references (especially of Giygas) are also common, though mostly only in fanvids.
Chris-Chan himself is like a real life version of Porky Minch: Just compare CWCville with New Pork City. Or rather, don't.
Significant Anagram: Trolls have noted that "Christian Weston Chandler" is an anagram of "AntiChrist Enhances World." Hmm...
Skewed Priorities: On the list of the worst things that have ever happened to Chris, posted by the man himself, deaths of his "sweethearts" PandaHalo and Sarah Jackson were ranked below apparently more tragic events, such as trolls hacking his PSN accounts and his original Sonichu site, as well as him getting banned from the game store where he used to play Pokémon and Yu-Gi-Oh. And poor Ivy wasn't mentioned at all. For that matter, neither was Chris' aunt Corrina who died in real life.
There's also the fact that he doesn't want to kill his Sonic recolors, because they are real to him... yet in the comic he gleefully murders (sometimes in a gory way) real people who "wronged" him. In fact, Chris in general empathises more with fictional characters than with real people. For example, he was only in a mild disagreement with a troll roleplaying as Josef Mengele who suggested marking the homosexual people and taking them to camps to experiment on them; by contrast, he seemed genuinely disturbed by the other troll's suggestion to include in his comic a character that used to eat baby Sonees (i.e. Sonichus' hatchlings) alive or put them in blenders and drink them.
And still, even though his Sonic recolors are real, sentient beings for him, and even though he is probably more attached to them than to real people, he killed Simonla just to get his CWCipedia back. Interpret that as you will.
Also, Chris thinks that it's A-OK to show sex and graphic violence in his (allegedly child-friendly) comic, yet censors even mild swearing.
The Slacker: At the advice of his father, Chris has declined to seek a job, and instead subsists on his "monthly tugboat," $800 of Social Security funding. Records show that American taxpayers' money have bought Chris a PS3 and literally gone up his ass. He'd fit the trope perfectly were it not for his puritanical views on drugs (although his exposure to drinking may change this).
Now he claims that he had "Never been Really Sure on the whole making money thing, or of any other aspirations"; that he does Sonichu for fun; hates that it's "being pressured onto me like as if it was a Job" (read: hates that people try to make him at least update his own webcomic regularly); is "tired of trying to please MILLIONS" (because he tried so hard...) and says that fans (or "fans", as he put it - apparently he considers only those who accept everything he does as perfect to be his TRUE and LOYAL fans) who told him they stopped reading his comic because he failed to update it regularly are "among the People I am most annoyed with". In short, apparently he doesn't want to make money off Sonichu anymore, not because he's afraid of Sega and Nintendo, but because he realized that it would require working on his comic regularly.
Small Name Big Ego: Despite there being at most ONE Sonichu fan, Chris has confused the people watching him out of horror for a devoted fanbase, and still entertains dreams of Sonichu video games and merchandise. During the Miyamoto Saga, Chris believed that the big man of Nintendo himself wanted to meet with him, and even made a slideshow presentation about a proposed Sonichu game (which turned out to be mostly about Chris and his creations), in which he claimed professional-level drawing skills.
Even worse, he was certain that Miyamoto would be more honored to meet him.
Chris's madness has been growing to the point where he seems convinced he can curse people, and has been falling back on "my Love Quest is a divine mandate!" more and more. Be afraid.
Most of Chris's narcissism seems to stem from the few contests he has won during his lifetime, one being a raffle he entered as a child for $1000 worth of Sega games and won by sheer, dumb luck, and another being a GameStop Guitar Hero contest he won after his Fan Haters voted for him in droves, which lead him to believe that his work had a sizeable fanbase. Ever since then, Chris has been obsessed with success (he threw a massive hissy fit when his high school neglected to reward him for his art skills, and another when he lost a Parappa The Rapper-themed contest and accused the winner of cheating), and frequently appeals to his "True and Loyal fanbase" for help against the trolls.
It's gotten worse: Apparently, Christian has applied for a copyright for the name Sonichu with absolutely no thought of the repercussions he could suffer if Nintendo and/or Sega discover his completely unoriginal character. Big Ego indeed. By the way? One fan e-mailed Nintendo.
Not only that, he seriously believes that he deserves his own article on That Other Wiki and believes that his birthday (February 24th) should be a national holiday.
As it turns out, he thinks he has "way over a million fans worldwide" (perhaps even more than a billion of them, though in this case he might not have realized how high the number he typed was).
Additional proof of both his gargantuan ego and him being completely out of touch with reality: he thinks he's "the Mayor of Cwcville, VA, IN REAL LIFE as its Main Creator".
When Chris contacted troll who hacked his PSN accounts, he sent (among others) 17 rather incoherent messages that ended with the phrase: "thou will only be forgiven truly if thou returns the Accounts thou has stolen from the son of God who truly has Christ in his name and in his heart" (the "son of God" portion referring to Chris-chan himself). He also threatened the troll that "God will reign down with a Vengance upon you until you give me back my Japan, Spain, Hong Kong, France and Germany Playstation Network Accounts".
Not as spectacular as above examples, but Chris stated that he'd like Jerry Seinfeld himself to respond to one of his Youtube videos. Apparently he doesn't think it's unlikely that Seinfeld would do that.
Smug Snake: Chris thinks that he's smarter than everyone else, and frequently tries to use his "brilliance" to take advantage of others. In particular, he made several attempts to manipulate people to do something he wanted them to do, forgive him for his misdeeds, agree with him etc. He usually tried to achieve these goals by invoking pity in other people, for example by bringing up his autism, the fact that he's a virgin, "deaths" of his "sweetheats" and constant trolling, by describing nightmares he had or just by faking sadness. He even tried to make Megan forgive him for creating ShecameforCWC.JPG by telling her that he suffered more that she did. In addition, he lies to achieve his goals (like the time he impersonated Liquid in an attempt to trick Kacey into sleeping with him), makes promises with no intent of keeping them (like promising Kacey that he'll find a job and move out of his parents' house) and tries to weasel his way out of doing things he doesn't want to do (e.g. the whole Simonla saga). He tries to be Manipulative Bastard, but one small detail prevents him from being one: he is utterly, hopelessly incompetent at manipulating people.
Ironically, whenever people notices he's attempting to manipulate them, they play along and end up manipulating him to do stupid or embarrasing things instead.
So Bad It's Good: Christian's life, from the perspective of his "fans."
So Bad It's Horrible: The more you learn about his life, the more it goes from "funny" to "depressing."
A more specific example: Christian's sex joke.
Chris himself appears to be a rare example of a person who lacks any positive qualities. Even real-life Complete Monsters typically have some degree of intelligence, charisma or motivation. Chris has none. It's as if somebody tried to see how bad someone could get, and sucseeded.
Sophisticated As Hell: The CWCki has more than a few articles that list some well thought out, scientifically minded speculations as to the reasons for why Chris does one thing or another... and then the last reason is along the lines of "and because he's a fucking idiot."
"In addition, it is believed that Chris's diet is one of the causes for his fecal incontinence (the other one being ramming stuff in his shit tube)"
Sock Puppet: What Chris tends to do to convince himself and the internet at large that he has a fanbase that doesn't consist entirely of trolls - one such instance being the above-mentioned Parappa The Rapper contest, where he posted comments about his own videos to hype himself up.
Sorry, I'm Gay: Chris has claimed he hates homosexual men because a woman turned him down, claiming she was a lesbian. No, this does not make sense.
Of course, this is most likely a lie, since he used to claim his hatred of gays came from a principal he didn't like and thought was gay. However, we are dealing with a highly Unreliable Narrator here, chances are Chris is a huge liar, and he just hates gays because he's a bigot, or because he's in a Transparent Closet.
So Unfunny It's Funny: Compared to the pitiful attempts at "humor" in the comic itself, Chris's "random-access humor" will have you howling with laughter.
Your Mileage May Vary. Many consider his oafish butchering of the Monty Python angle he shamelessly ripped it from to be simply painful to listen to.
Spanner In The Works: At some point in early 2010 Chris met a new "sweetheart"; at the same time almost certainly he was advised by someone wishing him well, most likely his parents or his pastoral counselor, that talking about said "sweetheart" on the internet, declaring his undying love to her in YouTube videos, revealing her identity, etc. will attract trolls.* While it can't be completely ruled out that he realized this without anyone's help, which would mean he has some limited ability to learn, his later actions cast doubt on that; after said "sweetheart" cut off contact with him, he repeatedly dropped not only her pen name, but also her actual first and last name However, Chris couldn't completely resist the urge to announce that he found a "girlfriend", thus proving to trolls that HE IS STRAIGHT. For some time, he tried to have it both ways; he stated that he met a new girl and that relationship was progressing, while not revealing her name, and asked everyone to "leave me with my relationship, and not make me feel intruded by inquiring constantly". This, of course, was practically daring trolls to start looking for information about her. Still, while trolls would probably succeed at identifying her anyway, it could have taken months if Chris just shut up... but Chris being Chris, in March 2010 he revealed one of the pen names used by his "sweetheart", thus making it possible for trolls to identify her.
Of course, most trolls weren't ready to jump on this. They were more interested in seeing how it panned out. Then a random troll points out a link that leads to the CWCki. This resulted not only in her cutting off contact with Chris, but also with Chris having knowledge of CWCki. Nice Job Breaking It, Anti-Hero.
Speech Impediment: His southern accent notwithstanding, Chris has a notable tendency to slur his speech (for example, pronouncing 'Encyclopedia Dramatica page' as 'Encykkapeedya Drammaka Paysh'), drop various letters from words and even switch them around, most likely due to his autism or lack of general verbal contact with other people. He also has trouble pronouncing the letter X, resulting in him talking about how much he hates 'homosetssuals' and uses 'Atsse body spray'.
When those two aspects begin to intersect with his Angrish, that's when you need the CWCki's transcripts, as he starts to become extremely unintelligble.
Split Personality: In an August 30th, 2009 web address, Christian stunned observers by holding a conversation between himself and "Christopher," a la Smeagol and Gollum. This has been incorporated into a number of trollfics.
Squick: There's pictures out there of the author wearing his mother's underwear or diapers, and these are the good pics because at least he's wearing something.
An ad involving the trolls exposing Chris for being a liar and a thief over the Simonchu character, and have him fingering his mother in a callback to his shecameforcwc.jpg picture.
When the image was originally conceived, the artist stated that he was "just drunk enough to try". And it seems that Chris may have been scarred by the image as well.
Stalker Shrine: The worrying Megan Shrine.
Stalker With A Crush: When he's looking for a girlfriend, Chris camps out "attraction locations" and scares the bejeezus out of store customers or library patrons. When he has a girlfriend, Chris scares the bejeezus out of observers with his displays of devotion and obsession over them.
Status Quo Is God: Chris refuses to change his lifestyle or work any harder on his comic. This is best highlighted in cases where a girl named Jackie, who actually seems interested in Chris (only having met him over the net) tries to change him for the better, either by getting a job or taking his comic seriously. She fails, and it turns ugly.
Stepford Smiler: Capering Berries decided to make Simonla out to be a mindless clone.
Chris's creepy stare also qualifies.
Storming The Castle: Essentially what the trolls do to Chris' websites, they hack them and vandalise them untill they are completey unrecognisable from what they once were. On the 26th of May it happened to the CWCipedia again, forcing Chris to abandon it to the trolls for good. It remains to be seen where he will go from here.
Probably he will never try to recreate it elsewhere. Not because of the trolls, but because Christian finally realized that keeping the CWCipedia updated and running involved WORK, which he absolutely hates.
Story Arc: The CWCki has divided Chris' recent history into "sagas" based upon who he was angriest with/infatuated with at the time.
The Straight Will And Grace: Chris and Megan used to be this. Likely not to happen with any other girls, as Chris considers the idea of "Just Friends" to be disgusting.
Streisand Effect: Has happened to Chris several times, but probably the most notable is the video tour he made of his house - which, as some people pointed out, was such a mess that the Virginia health department would be likely to demolish it if they saw the footage. The result was this infamous video, where Chris pleads his personal army to take down every mirror of the video. Naturally, the footage (and everything else Chris has deleted) is mirrored on a separate Youtube account maintained by a troll.
Stupid Statement Dance Mix: A relatively common type of fanvid, since Chris's nonsense makes for great material. Of note are Vivian's remixes, which are mostly set to Game Music. Liquid also contributed his own amazing mix.
Stylistic Suck: Liquid Chris's paper medallion and incredibly half-assed fake fatness (the latter dispensed with altogether after the first few videos). These features only served to wrankle Real Chris further, who didn't take the cue that this was not a sincere attempt at impersonation. Also, Robert Simmons V, who showcased incredibly poor 'fanart' alongside sharply contrasting quality drawings.
Subliminal Seduction: In this video. It's bizarre, to say the least.
Take That: A Girl who Brought Down the World has all the appearing trolls portrayed as a bunch of insane anarchists, who only want to see the world burn at the hands of Chris because they believe it to be funny.
Tear Jerker: Childhood pictures of Chris. Where did it all go so wrong?
Y'know, people laugh at this guy and his antics (including this troper) but when one gets down to it, this really is sad. If not for super shitty parents Chris could actually have become a functioning person with autism. Instead we have one more racist, homophobic, arrogant, elitist, jerk-ass in the world who can't even function or learn that it's not okay to be so homo/race-phobic. Mind you due to his parents Chris may very well have grown up to be a homophopic racist, but crappy parents to autistic children exist and they don't have the benefit of amusing or spurring people to improve themselves.
The Conspiracy: In this video, Chris claims the reason he is a hopeless, friendless loser is due to the entire Greene County School Board of Education conspiring to remove him from Chesterfield County (and his high school friends) through some nefarious, dastardly means. Note this happened at least ten years ago.
He also seems to believe that somehow Greene County School Board is responsible for his ban from The GAMe PLACe. Hell, it's quite likely that he believes everyone who "wronged" him in his life is a member of evil and powerful conspiracy using its resources to cockblock him, just like in his comic.
The Tetris Effect: Playing this with one of his videos going in the background is surprisingly cathartic.
Third Date Nookie: Chris has an unshakable belief that if you can make it to the third date, sex is automatic. This pops up in the comics as well.
Actually, he views sex as a payment that must happen by the third date at the latest. He's on record as claiming that he'd do it on the second date if the girl was OK with it.
Looks like he ultimately decided that he doesn't even want to wait until the second date - on his OkCupid profile he stated that he wants to be contacted by women who "are cool with getting to the bedroom as quickly as right after the First Date", along with naming his Hook Cafe profile 'direct2sex'.
Tomato In The Mirror: The alternate ending to "Cwcville 1984" reveals that the narrator was Sonichu all along.
Too Dumb To Live: Chris... or so you'd think, except for the fact that he somehow manages to survive.
An overbearing mother and a "monthly tugboat" might have something to do with it.
Too Spicy For Yog Sothoth: The #tropers MST channel's attempt to take on the comic led to several contributors taking a break from MSTing and the MSTing system being completely revamped. This is the same channel that laughed at The Easy Breather.
Transparent Closet: Opinions are divided on whether Chris qualifies. One thing is certain though: telling him that he does guarantees getting a strong reaction from him.
Most straight men don't have to "Keep themselves straight."
Transvestite: Rosechu. Cemented when Chris tries to reason that having a blunted tail makes 'her' female. 'She' never, ever had a blunted tail. While trolls almost always depict her having a 'pickle', after this, she gets depicted as a transvestite, too.
Chris himself, there being the infamous pictures of him in his mother's bra, and more recently, he has decided to be up and front about wearing a sports bra in an effort to conceal his manboobs. That's right. In an effort to hide his manboobs, he reveals the much more embarassing fact that he wears a bra. Which he calls his "muscle bra."
Trash Of The Titans: A video tour of Chris's house revealed room after room almost completely filled with heaps of junk. Cue troll attempts to get the Greene County Health Department to condemn his home.
It truly is unbelievable how trashed that house is. A few fair-sized rooms are filled at least 4-5 feet with nothing but junk. If you imagine any instances of this trope in fiction, you'll find that that house exceeds all of them in terms of complete and utter messiness.
Rumor has it that some are trying to influence them to take part in one of the several make-over/reality shows focused on pack rats that cropped up recently. This very well could change their lives for the positive since, as far as many of us can see, the root of their problems comes from them keeping so much trash and isolating themselves in a fantasy world.
Troll Nickname: Liquid Chris and Solid Chris. Also "Snorlax" and "The Internet Lumberjack" for Barb and Bob, respectively.
Unreliable Narrator: Chris's stories about how he got kicked out of various locales tend to differ significantly from third-party reports. When pressed, however, Chris will reveal the truth.
Unstoppable Rage: "Chris Loses It", in which Chris goes absolutely fucking berserk. And it is hilarious. This can also apply to any of his videos with RAGE.
Creepily, anger seems to be the only emotion that Chris is capable of genuinely expressing. His attempts to sound cheerful, caring, sad, etc. all come off as extremely forced, with exaggerated, cartoonish facial expressions... but when he gets mad, you know he really wants that person dead.
I think you mean "BREAK THEM DEAD!"
Unsympathetic Comedy Protagonist: Emphasis on "unsympathetic."
The Virus: Chris seems to view homosexuality this way.
Wall Banger: On many, many occasions. But one of these is down to his uncompromising belief that Asperger Syndrome and Autism are not related despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary. When someone trained in such knowledge tries to explain this to him he refuses to explain why he thinks this way and why he came up with the idea that the two are not related. People have tried to explain this before with no success.
Since he outright states in the first link that "For your information, the Fact of Aspergers being different from Autism and of it trying to steal the light is of MY Own Idea.", the people who try to argue with him about this might also qualify.
The problem is that he offers no explaination for why this is his own idea or why and how he came to this conclusion. The only one I can think of is that he believes it's stealing his so called limelight. He has stated before that he doesn't care about anyone else with Autism as well or indeed anyone else but himself, anyone who he thinks is drawing attention away from himself deserves to die.
Wangst: Does he ever.
Hell, he might be possibly the Most Triumphant Example of this trope.
Weaksauce Weakness: The word "naive" seriously in a video with Alec he claims he dislikes the word because it sounds like 'nails on a chalkboard'. This is weaksauce weakness even for Chris!
What An Idiot: Vivian Gee said it best: "HONOR ROLL MY ASS!" Worthy of special mention, however, is the fact that Chris thinks that it's possible (at least for him) to retcon real life and actually tried to solve his problems that way on at least two occasions.
What Happened to the Mouse?: At the end of February 2010 a random guy (possibly a troll) appeared in CWC's room in a single video. There's been no word on him since.
Even bigger mystery: what happened to Christian's iconic red-and-blue-striped shirt? The last time we saw him wearing it would be this video from November 2009.
He probably outgrew it. He's been putting on the pounds more recently, and it already appeared to be too small for him.
Wiki Magic: Chris' life has been considered by some as the epitome of Wiki Magic at work: What began as a single post on an imageboard escalated into several anons compiling an Encyclopedia Dramatica page on Chris' failures, the article growing bigger and bigger until it had to be spun off into its own wiki, where Chris' life could be documented in-depth.
Wiki Walk: While researching Sonichu and the life of its creator, you just get pulled deeper and deeper by those potholes and links, learning more than you ever wanted to know about this person.
Reading About This Guy's Ruined Life Will Ruin Your Life: Between the various wikis and articles, many videos, reviews, parodies and if you're crazy enough the actual comic, catching up on this sorry saga will probably have you staying up even later than usual.
The Woobie: Cole Smithey, Chris's half brother (they share the same mother). He was routinely abused by his mother and her stepfather growing up, has been visited by her once since Chris was born, and his mother has lied about and refuses to disclose his biological father's identity. Surprisingly, Cole is a successful film critic who plays guitar in a jazz band and is happily married - the exact opposite of Chris.
There's also Megan Schroeder (possibly Chris' only real friend), who was stalked and sexually harassed by Chris, before he drew a picture of him fingerbanging her and uploaded it to ED to counter accusations of his homosexuality. He then compounded this by saying that he only drew the picture to prevent himself from raping her. She has since relocated, and is still traumatised by the saga.
Where Da White Women At: A former high school crush of Chris-Chan's is married to a black guy.
White Knighting: Chris tries to present himself in a way that leads to accusations of this. There is also a long string of people who, while at first genuinely seem to want to help Chris, eventually throw up their hands and become trolls.
Wretched Hive: Some interpretations of CWCville.
Writers Cannot Do Maths: "With the infinitely high Boyfriend-Factor, I am not fond of about 99.999999999996% of the total male population, with a margin-of-error of the 4 billionth of a percent (for about 100 men) of whom are okay acquaintences." There aren't enough men in the world for that percentage to be accurate to that many significant figures.
"[That's why they call it the Xbox 360; you take one look, turn 360° and walk away]...very appropriately called is a damn 120°, 130° whatever, whatever the half of 360° is."
"A car weighs a lot more than ten tons!"
Wrong Genre Savvy: Chris seems to have trouble distinguishing fiction from real life; he apparently believes that comic book characters are real and has even tried to Ret Con Real Life.
Xanatos Sucker: Chris meets a girl on the internet. She asks for a password/damaging photos/a prized possession. A white knight, citing past examples, speculates that the girl's a troll, but Chris refuses to listen despite happening before. Later, the girl turns out - surprise! - to be a troll. Chris meets another girl on the internet. She asks for...
You Fail Biology Forever: Recycling.
You Fail Economics Forever: Apparently, 10 years in jail = $1500 fine for alcohol consumption in CWCville.
Chris stated that CWCville has ten "soup hotels," which he described as having "10 to 20 rooms per floor, each complete with bathroom facilities, bed, lighting and Cable TV," and are furthermore free to all homeless people. And they still don't have enough room in them for all the homeless people. It's speculated that the small town of CWCville has such a massive homeless problem because Chris taxes industry heavily to pay for such extravagant social expenses. In general, fan theories about the mechanics of running those soup hotels abound.
There's a whole page dedicated to Chris's ignorance of simple economics.
You Fail Geography Forever: Chris believed one of his sweethearts died in the Australian brushfires. However, the brushfires took place in Victoria, and she was in South Australia at the time.
You Fail Law Forever: Chris severely overestimates the extent to which derivative works can fall under Fair Use as parody and routinely threatens criminal prosecution for civil law matters.
Chris also thought he could call the police on Michael Snyder for... refusing to forgive him and allow him back to The GAMe PLACe. Ultimately he didn't do that, possibly because Snyder called the police first.
Also, he apparently thinks "Ricky" can be jailed for mutilating the Medallion of Fail with a knife, defiling it with pickles, setting it alight and pissing on it.
You Fail Sex Ed Forever: For the sake of your sanity, take our word for it.
You Fail The IQ Test: Chris has claimed (it's at 12:23) to have an IQ of over 300. The highest recorded IQ is 230, and even that score is questionable.
He's also stated that he has taken a test in Chesterfield Co. that gave him an IQ of 150. Some trolls speculate he may actually be talking about an Emotional IQ test, which is sometimes given to patients with Autism, and even then he's not fooling anyone.
Considering Chris's tendency to bend the truth and is incredibly likely to be psychotic...
You Fail Life Forever: What this page tries to say about Chris in short.
References
↑ Locked Pages
External Links
TV Tropes: Sonichu (current version)
v • d • e
The Internet
Chris's websites
CWC's Pokésite 1 • CWC's Pokésite 2 • CWC's Sonichu Site! • CWC's Cool Profile • The OFFICIAL Sonichu & Rosechu Blog • CWCipedia • Cwcvilleshopping.com • Cwclight
Social networking
Chris's resume • Adult Swim posts • Bluesky • The HooK Café •
Facebook • Instagram • Meetup • Miiverse • MySpace • Newgrounds • PlayStation blog • PSN blogs • Reddit • Twitter (Night Star - tweets • DMs with CWCSonichu • DMs with Marvin) • (TwiSparLicious) (MagiChan111448) (Creamarina) • Tumblr • Twitch
Dating profiles
Match.com • OkCupid (Answers) • BronyMate
Wikis
Encyclopedia Dramatica (edits) • Wikipedia (profile • talk page) • CWCipedia (WikiSysop correspondence) • CWCki (edits • GodofThunderGodofWar • JenkinsJinkies • Christianchandler)
Forums
Something Awful • Sonichu Forum • Sonichu Girls • Trollin Train • GameFAQs • Tomboys And Tomgirls of Virginia • CWCki Forums • Kiwi Farms • r/ChrisChanSonichu
Documented IRL encounters
"The Tale Of The Crazy Pacer" • Mimms and Lucas Q&A • Chris's Big Night Out (II) • Fridays After Five • This is how the Trial went • Catherine • Impulse Gay Social Club • Clare Porter • Chris Chan Boasting About Celebrity Status • A Wild Chris-Chan Attempts Human Interaction • Debt hearing (eyewitness account) • Incest Arrest • Sightings (Pre-2023 • 2023‎‎ • 2024 • 2025)
Money-making schemes
eBay • Etsy • Craigslist • Kickstarter • YouTube • Patreon
Google
YouTube (DEATH BATTLE!‎ • Planet Dolan • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis • WatchMojo • YouTube comments)
Twitter campaigns
HarassCWCdirectly • BlockTheTrolls • My Little Pony Protests
Other
2012 Poster campaign • 2013 Facebook leak • 2018 Twitter account compromise • Alex's Lemonade Stand • Amazon • Backpage • Cults3D • deviantART • Dox • Duolingo • Equestria Daily  • Flipnote Hatena • Other documents  • Quizzes • ReBrick‎ • Thingiverse
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=User:Canine/TV_Tropes&oldid=307974"