Title: Vivian Gee
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Vivian_Gee
Categories: Gal pals, Trolls, Miscreants Members, People from France
================================================================================

Troll disclosure: This persona was created, appropriated, or otherwise used by trolls to manipulate Chris. She was played by the same person behind Mao Ling and Clyde Cash.[1] This is why they left at the same time.Though this identity is contrived, the CWCki may treat it as if it were a real identity because it was to Chris. (It's also funnier that way.)
“
Now watch what I'll do with this as I will do to Vivian Gee if she does not sss--take down every last one of her videos and closes her YouTube account!
”
Chris, before breaking a sign in half and stabbing the pieces together
“
Vivian Gee is a Gal-Pal; Please Relocate the link(s) to her page as such.
”
Chris in the CWC Blog 14 March 2010
Vivian Gee
Information
Name
Vivian Gee
Also known as
Vivi
viviG
Vivitheg
Gender
Female
Nationality
French[2]
Other relatives
Clyde Cash (cousin)
Saga
Clyde Cash, CWCipedia
Vivian Gee is a troll best known for making the Sonichu Audiobooks, and being the cousin of Clyde Cash, a fact Chris held over her multiple times in his rage videos. Even though she started out as a troll, she later became somewhat of a friend to Chris, trying to guide him through life despite very clearly disliking him. She went as far as to write an entire book in an attempt to get Chris to see the error of his ways.
Chris has mixed thoughts on Vivian; he once expressed wanting to stab her repeatedly with a wooden pole, but also later called her a gal-pal. Vivian is an enigma in Christory, because trolls such as Alec Benson Leary would interact with Chris in similar ways to her, but get hated intensely by Chris, whereas Chris grew to consider Vivian as a friend. It is unknown why Chris was more liking of her, but there's probably at least one reason.
Contents
1 Contact with Chris
2 Audiobook negotiation
3 Emails
4 Gallery
5 See also
6 References
7 External links
Contact with Chris
If you think this was Vivian, THINK AGAIN!
Vivian tried to genuinely help Chris. However, despite all the warnings of imminent doom, Chris ignored her regularly, and proceeded to fail spectacularly. Vivian has apparently toned down the white knight antics, and has realized Chris is an idiot who cannot improve. Several e-mails have been recovered so far. Most are simply Vivian saying "JESUS, STOP BEING A FUCKTARD!!" and real advice. Chris wasn't interested until it involved his Internet gal-pals or Sonichu. She once talked to Chris for three hours to convince him to get help, with no success; in her words, talking some damn sense into Chris is "like fighting a wall".
Some time later, Vivian gave Chris a copy of a novel she had written. Chris, however, most likely did not read it, as he mentioned that the cover "was nice" and was worried he was being charged for it. Had he actually sat down and read it, however, he would have probably seen some incredible similarities between the characters and settings of that story and his own world.
In September 2009, a Captain's Log video was addressed specifically to Vivian, with Chris demanding that she close her YouTube account AND delete all the videos, "if she wants to earn back his trust" after she and Clyde Cash, her cousin, had done "so much bad against him." It was soon followed by a violent death-threat video by Chris against Vivian, threatening to brutally dismember her and all of her family members, in which he expressed his hope that it would make her understand "the fury of his wrath".
In a Captain's Log written on the CWCipedia on 14 March 2010, Vivian G.'s page is one of many listed in Chris's collection of those that are demanded to be altered after the discovery of The Wallflower's page, completely and utterly unaware of Vivian's true nature.[3]. Vivian would later be given ownership of the CWCipedia by Mao, where she and Alec Benson Leary posted a new season of Sonichu.
Vivian also sent Bob a gift for his 82nd birthday (4 September 2009), when his own autistic son forgot.[4]. Chris took this as an attempt to get on his good side, and uploaded a video getting angry at her for sending a gift to his father.
Vivian got Chris to make the iconic video Sonichu's Edge after a series of emails.
In 2010, Vivian would message Chris about Jackie, revealing a message from her where she chastises Chris and tries to make sure no women date him again.
As of May 2012, Vivian has apparently gone the way of Liquid Chris and shut down her YouTube account. Her DeviantArt page remains online but has been inactive since 2009.
Audiobook negotiation
Apologies, Mafioso-style.
After weeks of tension, the relationship between Chris and Vivian started to relax a little, and on 14 November 2009 Chris extended an olive branch of peace. He apologized for his attitude and decided to approve the audiobooks, in return for a cut of the proceeds, thinking that 25% of all the donations for the audiobooks would be fair. Vivian declined the offer on her YouTube account via her spokes-"person".
Emails
Main articles: Vivian Gee E-mails, 2007-2008, Vivian Gee E-mails, 2009, and Vivian Gee E-mails, 2010
Gallery
Self-portrait from dA.
October 8 image.
It ain't law-breaking, bro.
Chris sure knows How to Talk to Girls.
See also
Audiobooks
Clyde Cash - Another alias belonging to the same troll.
A Girl Who Brought Down the World
Rollin' and Trollin' - The name of CWCville's bar was "Vivian's".
References
↑ CWCki Forums posts (Marvin)#Vivian Was Clyde
↑ Vivian Gee E-mails, 2009
↑ Captain's Log, Stardate March 14, 2010
↑ Kacey Call 10
External links
Vivitheg's YouTube channel - Archived.
Vivian Gee's deviantART account
Clyde Cash Saga
The Players
Organizations: Sonichu Girls
People: Chris • Clyde Cash • Vivian Gee • Ryan Cash • Lordsillynipples • Bryan Bash • Sarah May • BILLY MAYS • Ignatius J. Reilly
Inanimate Objects: Clown Doll
The Games
Platforms: IRC
Chris vs. Clyde:
Clyde's Return:
Spider-Man Blackmail:
Vivian Gee:
DIRTY CRAPPED BRIEFS!
Take that Page DOWN NOW!
Secret Weapon
I WILL PAWNCH HIS LIGHTS OUT!!
YouTube Finale
Chris Calls Clyde Out
(Clyde's) Trollsta's Paradise
Clyde Cash the kid video
Challenge for Clyde
Chris Loses It
Challenge for Clyde II
You can go burn in hell for all I care
I AM STRONG
To Clyde and Jack
Clyde Cash Impersonation
To Clyde Gregg
ClydeGoingOnGregg1
Clyde's Buddy Matt Getting SUPER-LAID!!!
Clyde is Weaker than Water
Getting Foam Ed
It will never end
Twin Falling Towers
Apology for 9/11 Joke
No More Jokes
Audiobooks
Videobooks
Vivian Gee E-mails (2007-2008 • 2009 • 2010)
Vivitheg's AIM chat
A Girl Who Brought Down the World
4 September 2009
Coinciding Sagas
ED • PandaHalo • Julie • PS3 Hacking • Emily • Ivy • Tito • Jackie • First Exile
CWCipedia Saga
The Players:
The Games:
The Prizes:
Chris
Cogsdev
Champthom
Mao Ling
The Wallflower
Jack Thaddeus
Alec Benson Leary
Vivian Gee
Bailey Jay
Evan George
Ignatius J. Reilly
Vandalism
Advertisements
Mailbag
Gay 4 Sonichu
Chris's Wikipedia profile
CWC Blog
CWCRockin4Way.jpg
Autism Awareness E-mails
Jack Thaddeus Calls (1 • 2 • 3)
Coinciding Sagas: Asperchu, Tito
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Vivian_Gee&oldid=347595"