Title: Watchmen
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Watchman
Categories: Honest Articles, Pages with fan videos, Watchmen Saga, Delusions and enablers, Articles of the Now
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• The Lainchu Manifesto
This article is rated M for Honest Content
It may contain content deemed not safe for work. Reader discretion is advised.
NOTE:
The "Watchmen" were not an organization like the CWCProtectSquad or the Guard Dogs.
For more info, click here.
PROTIP:
For the sake of clarity, the term "Watchmen" will strictly refer to any of the active members from The Place server, as the name was created after the group was discovered, and several iterations of the group, all with different leaderships, names, and rules, came about, both before and after the name was made.
“
You brought so much fucking joy to this world and you continue to do so. That's why [...] you need to remain safe.
”
Naught, one of the Watchmen, to Chris.[1]
“
Something going further wrong in the group once again?
”
Chris, showing awareness of the group's tendency for internal drama.[2]
Watchmen
Information
Name
Watchmen
Also known as
Watchdogs
Saga
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Lainchu, Twilight
The Watchmen (sometimes mistakenly refered to as "the Watchdogs") were a clique of fanatical enablers whose members served as gatekeepers and white knights for Chris. Their goal was to keep away malicious individuals trying to troll or scam Chris. In practice, however, the clique was highly aggressive towards outsiders coming into contact with Chris whether they demonstrated malice or not. Watchmen members tracked and collected information on anyone involved with - or attempting to get involved with - Chris, and had little hesitation in regards to doxing any potential weens, trolls, and A-logs.[3] Hostilities were occasionally shown in the form of feuds, with rumors and disinformation spread by members MKRNightVee, Naught, The WCT, and XIII on their perceived enemies, or raids by various Watchmen members. Infighting ran rampant, with the group splintering into a few iterations over internal conflicts. After Chris was jailed for incest, their purpose became moot.
Their approach was rather controversial, as they gained Chris's favor by means of enabling his delusions by pretending to be fellow CPU goddesses and encouraging his beliefs in magical thinking and the Dimensional Merge. Another tactic they used was in drawing fanart for him, typically for fantasy immersion - such art features Chris or Watchmen members in CPU or Sonichu forms; the art was usually drawn by either MKRNightVee or AquaDiamond8. They have also made use of the OC Lainchu, played by at least four members of the group.
As a faction, the Watchmen were involved in several events over the course of late 2019 onwards, such as attempting to dismantle Jacob Sockness’s influence over Chris and drive him off. They also shut down the Arbitarch CWC Alliance Discord server from Naught's allegation that the server was being used to gather content.[4] Chris had contact with the Watchmen, including chatting with them on Google Hangouts and over Discord. The Watchmen were also behind the Discord leaks in August 2020, and the Discord Q&As.
The group existed in various forms from 2019-2021 and was given its current name on August 2020 by Klop, as a reference to the 1986/1987 DC Comics limited series by Alan Moore, David Gibbons, and John Higgins.[5] However, the Watchmen themselves did not model their online personas after characters from the DC franchise, in contrast to how The Miscreants presented themselves as a shadowy cabal like the Patriots from their inspiration, Metal Gear. Rather, many of its members modeled their personas after fanmade CPU Goddesses.
Contents
1 Origins
2 Reveal
3 The Players
3.1 Members
3.2 Untrusted Guests
4 Behavior
4.1 Toxic trio
4.2 Rationalizations for Enabling
5 Interactions with others
5.1 Ben Saint
5.2 Dillin Thomas
5.3 Midnight Moonflower
5.4 Praetor
5.5 Bella
5.6 Fiona
5.7 The American Hedgehog
6 Discord
6.1 Server Structure
7 See also
8 Notes
9 References
Origins
Main article: Arbitarch CWC Alliance
Christian Weston Manhattan
What eventually became the Watchmen can be tied back to Chris's interactions with Meghan Kathleen Ringo, more commonly known as MKRNightVee or MKR. MKR got into contact with Chris through a friend looking up his phone number.[6] Owls tried to coach MKR[6] and avoid problems, though he admits he didn't do well at it.[7]
After MKR had been in contact with Chris for some time, Owls came up with the idea to try to manipulate Chris's beliefs away from the Dimensional Merge through telling him that the CPU goddesses had relocated to Earth. MKR recruited her friends to role-play as CPUs to Chris over Discord; Owls acted as a gatekeeper between MKR's friends and Chris.[6]
“
time passed talking with Meghan for about a month or so there came an idea from me in the most autistic way possible "convince Chris that merge wasn't happening and that CPU had decided to be on earth and act like normal people in society". foolishly believing this would work Meghan gathered some people from different servers she said we could trust and we made a server. this idea failed and when the first person decided to brag about it on a different discord I shut down the idea.
”
Owls[7]
According to Naught, from Owls account, Owls acted as liaison between the CPU group and Marvin of the Guard Dogs group (the latter also being gatekeepers to Chris at the time) but Naught claimed that Owls wasn't reporting back to Marvin. Owls later left the group.[8]
Naught claims that due to internal conflicts between the Arbitarch Alliance, some of which involved events having to do with Chris such as the handling of BABscon and the Chris Chan Vs. The Internet documentary, he shut down the group, and took the role of leader away from Owls, ultimately leading to the creation of the Watchmen under his leadership. Naught had then doxed several of the members that opted out of the group, or were in conflicts with him, on Kiwi Farms about a year later.
Reveal
The Watchmen group revealed its presence in August 2020. The reveal was seemingly spurred by a video Chris secretly produced on 6 August, Chris's Last Will and Testament, which he decided to share with the Watchman member Naught.[9] Concerned over the contents of the video, a CWCki account was made by Naught and the video leaked to the public. Days later, on 10 August, Naught entered the Official CWCki Server and leaked a large amount of material Chris had shared with the group over the past year. He then invited Chris into the server to take fan questions (though moderators decided to remove Chris from the server four days later).[10]
The Players
Members
Main article: Watchmen members
Untrusted Guests
See also: Jacob Sockness, Praetor, Isabella Loretta Janke, and Fiona
The WCT discusses in the Second Layer about allowing Bella into the Knights of CWC server.
The Watchmen hosted various untrusted guests such as Jacob Sockness and Praetor in their Discord servers, assigning them to the First Layer of channels which Chris and themselves could view, and blocking them from viewing the Second Layer, where the Watchmen could discuss them in private.
The Knights had taken a page from this, and also hosted "untrusted guests", such as Bella and Fiona in their Discord server, assigning them to the First Layer of channels which Chris and themselves could view, and blocking them from viewing the Second Layer, where the Knights could discuss them in private.
Due to their shared involvement in Christory, most especially with regards to the Incest Call, their planned involvement with Everfree Northwest, and the speculation about them that followed afterwards, two particular "untrusted guests", Bella and Fiona, are referred to as "The Untrusted Guests", to refer to them as a duo.
Behavior
Toxic trio
Main article: Toxic Trio
The "toxic trio" is Chris's term for former members Naught, Kyle, and MKRNightVee.[11]
Rationalizations for Enabling
Some Watchmen have come to rationalize why they enable Chris.
In a 9 March 2021 Discord Chat; MKR, Kyle, and an unknown Watchman were discussing that they needed to enable Chris with his delusions for his own safety, as they believed that "he wouldn't last long".[12]
Interactions with others
Ben Saint
Ben Saint is an enabler who exploited Chris's infamy to boost his own webcomic series by inserting Chris's Night Star OC, which led to conflict with Chris.
On 23 September 2019, Watchmen members raided a Twitch stream of Ben's to call him out.[13]
Dillin Thomas
On 24 January 2020, Dillin Thomas uploaded a recording of Watchmen members harassing him on Discord.
ຮṎṈḭᏨ ḭṈຮᾀṈḭtẙ The Followers Of Chris Chan Reach Out To Me
Click to load content
Direct link
Youtube, archive
Stardate
24 January 2020
Made By
Dillin Thomas (DHT)
TRUE and HONEST Sonichu Fan Videos
Midnight Moonflower
See also: Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes
Midnight Moonflower is a former friend of Chris who met him at a BronyCon. The Watchmen raided her Discord server to intimidate its members over Chris being a member of the server.[14][15]
Praetor
Main articles: Praetor-Watchmen Conflicts and Taser
Praetor is a group of carpetbaggers that first interacted with Chris around 22 September 2020. They are most known for running OfficialCWCmart, a shop which sold Chris-themed items with his approval. Several Watchmen members spoke with Caden Peck, the leader of Praetor, but talks quickly disintegrated. The Watchmen were highly hostile towards Praetor, despite the two groups having overlap with similar interactions with Chris. In some cases, the Watchmen's hostility stemmed from their misunderstanding the situation, such as Chris's royalty pay - some Watchmen incorrectly believed Chris's cut should have constituted nearly all of Praetor's revenue. In other cases, Watchmen lied about Praetor to the public, seen with the taser controversy. The hostility was so prevalent that Chris took notice and chastised the Watchmen over it. Ultimately, the Watchmen failed in their attempts to drive Praetor away.
Bella
Chris told a group of Watchmen about an animation Bella made for Praetor, which caused suspicion when Chris mistakenly referred to her as one of their members. The WCT, whose group's ruleset was much more lenient to Chris orbiters, took her being in his server as a way of getting back at the Watchmen, citing MKR being upset at the Watchmen being "defeated" by them.
Fiona
The Watchman Val had face doxed Fiona, and leaked her YouTube account onto the CWCki Discord server, causing him to get banned. [16] Fiona was also one of the people interviewed by the Watchmen in the Regarding Chris group chat after the Incest Call was leaked.
The American Hedgehog
Hurtful's Kiwi Farms profile picture
“
I was a lurker in the The Place and Knights Watchmen servers but not actively. I’d generally peer in when Chris posted in the 1st layer which was easy to tell because he’d @ everyone. Sometimes I’d look at the 2nd hidden layer to see what they were discussing, and most of it seemed boring to me - commentary about CWC Twitter updates, his weens, personal talk, off-topic posting, etc.
”
Hurtful Truth Level on his observations of The Place server.[17]
The American Hedgehog, also known as Hurtful Truth Level, is a Kiwi Farms and r/ChrisChanSonichu moderator, and a jerkop, bureaucrat, and admin for the CWCki. He was a member of The Place after being invited in August 2020, and is responsible for leaking content from the server from both the First and Second Layer, and making it accessible as of July 2025. He also joined the Knights of CWC server after being invited by WCT. Despite Anaxis' claims that he is "pretty strictly an observer in the purest sense",[18] Hurtful has conversed directly with Chris on at least two occasions.[19][20]
On 11 October 2025, he posted an essay to the CWCki clarifying aspects of the Guard Dogs saga.
Discord
Main article: The Place
The Watchmen's primary platform for reaching out to Chris and people that they suspected as being weens was Discord.
Server Structure
Watchmen server The Place. Second layer channels are visible in this image under "2nd Layer".
Watchmen server The Knights of CWC. Second layer channels are visible in this image under "Private".
Both The Place and The Knights of CWC Discord servers were structured to have two layers of channels. The Watchmen assigned roles to server members to allow them to view certain layers.
The First Layer included a General channel for Chris to chat in. Chris and the Watchmen's Untrusted Guests could view and post only in the First Layer.
The Second Layer included a channel for discussion of Chris. The layer was hidden from Chris and Untrusted Guests to enable the Watchmen to hold discussions.
See also
Arbitarch CWC Alliance - The group that most of the first Watchmen originated from
CWCProtectSquad
Guard Dogs
The Knights of CWC - A group that The WCT had created following getting doxed by Naught.
The Miscreants - Essentially the inverse of the Watchmen
Nightvee & the Warriors For Andromeda, a TSSSF pack featuring some Watchmen
Watchmen Chats
Watchmen infighting drama
Notes
References
↑ CWC and Friends on Google Hangout (July 20th, 2020)
↑ WCT DMs#Asking Chris to leave The Place
↑ Orbiter general thread (archived). Kiwi Farms.
↑ Naught#History
↑ Talk:Watchmen#Title
↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 The Sons of the Miscreants
↑ 7.0 7.1 Kiwi Farms posts (GhostBird50)
↑ Naught#Follow-up on Origins
↑ Naught DMs
↑ Official CWCki Server
↑ MKR DMs#On Chris leaving The Place
↑ The Place chats (March 2021)
↑ https://www.twitch.tv/saintcomix/video/485302712?filter=highlights&sort=time
↑ Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes#Watchmen Raid
↑ Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes#Watchmen Raid, Part 2
↑ The Knights of CWC chats (July 2021)#Discussing Snoo's Involvement, Chris is Served an EPO
↑ User:Hurtful Truth Level/Statement#Why I haven't been around much
↑ User:Anaxis/The Lainchu Manifesto#Hurtful Truth Level
↑ The Place chats (September 2020)#High Heart Rate
↑ The Place chats (December 2020)#Christmas and Merge Talk
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
v • d • e
Delusions and enablers
Fantasy World
Core beliefs
Conspiracy theories • CWCville • Daydreams • Death threats • Dreams  • Imaginary family • Imaginary friends‎ • Magical thinking • Messiah complex • Meditation‎‎ • Neo Spiritual Christianity
Extensions
Akashic Records • Avatar State • Chaos Control • Commandments • Fangs • Good Mirror of ElAeRa • Hexes • Iron Curtain • Job as a Goddess • My Little Pony Protests • Magic stones • PsychicPowers • Royal/Cherokee heritage • Self-inflicted taint wound • Spirit possession‎ • Tarot • Taser
Influenced byIdea Guys
CPU Blue Heart • Dimensions • Dimensional Merge • Hyperdimension Neptunia • Polyamorous marriage
Cult of the Idea Guys
Cult leadersand enablers
Idea Guys • Teen Troon Squad • Reginald Chandler (troll) • Watchmen • Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • The Sergeant at Arms • Helena Fiorenza • Praetor • Larry Vaughn • KwaiiSandbag • Isabella Janke • Fiona Cooper • Michael Afghani • Kenneth Erwin Engelhardt • Other enablers
Beliefs instilled into Chris
Bisexuality • Cryzel Torture •
Fabricated Magi-Chan conversation • Operation BARBarossa • Nazis • Sonichu #13
OCs instilled into Chris
Akan • Arfoire • Bundychu • Cryzel Rosechu • Kidasuna (the Rokat, Michiro, Jakoba) • Kun T’Nyuget • Perceptor Sonichu • The 69 Destined Sonichus and Rosechus
Fantasy-induced events
By Idea Guys
Remove Kebab dance • Slav Squat • Fandoms Apology • Destruction of Christine Doll Mk. 1 • Christmas tree destruction • House Tour III • Wall licking • Cryzel Torture (Chris's pleas) • "AY YOU TOILET!" • The Bad Beginning
Others
First recorded statement of Magi-Chan • Chris hangs out with Xleepy and Co. • Interview with Noah and Max Mandu • Psychic California Trip • Goochland Library Sermon • The Vaughn Interlude
People appropriated by Chris as 'OCs'
DRWolf • ProjectSNT
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Watchmen&oldid=349976"