Title: WCT DMs
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/WCT_DMs
Categories: Category, Watchmen Saga
================================================================================

This article is still yet to be completed due to stress. We get a lot of stressful torture in our lives that makes us crash into slumber. Given that inspiration is a big variable, and we may have been lacking of it, this article will be completed as soon as possible, at our own pace... HONEST! This article is missing the following:
• Chats from The WCT-Chris log (11 May 2021 onwards)
Chris's recent failings have helped CWCki gather more information for this article. Be a winner by adding this information in.
This new information can be found from the following sources:
• User:Anaxis/Watchmen Source Leaks#The Watchmen Discuss Brainwashing Chris• User:Anaxis/Watchmen Source Leaks#Chris's Divination and DMs With WCT• User:Anaxis/Watchmen Source Leaks#Chris Likes Espeon
This page contains excerpts from Discord DMs between the Watchmen member The WCT and Chris. Chris's messages are in blue and WCT's in green. Note that in addition to calling him The WCT, Chris also uses a variety of pseudonyms to refer to him including Neko, Wildcat, Leo, and Leo Azul.
Contents
1 Chris roleplays about Sonic.EXE
2 Watching WCT's YouTube channel
3 Post-death message for Stair
4 WCT's new account
5 Asking Chris to leave The Place
6 Voice Chat
7 Chris texts Null
8 Dental appointment
9 Chris leaves The Place
10 New sweetheart
11 Sex plans
12 Massage oil and dream
13 Every three nights
14 Video strikes
15 Sexy negligee
16 Sockness alert
17 Barbara's ex
18 Naught and Geno
19 Everfree security
20 Chris describes his lady friend
21 Mortality
22 Invitation
23 Adult Chronicles exists in C-197
24 Upset at MLP G5
25 Role-playing to cope with MLP cartoon
26 Asking about Incest Call leak
27 Discussing the incest fallout
28 Chris's final messages
29 Notes
30 References
Chris roleplays about Sonic.EXE
4 November 2020
Chat posted by The WCT in the second layer of The Place to discuss with other Watchmen.[1]
Chris (as Sonichu)
Hey, Neko.
I’m feeling well and okay.
We have a majorly bad development happen. From his distant creepypasta dimension, Sonic.EXE is making an attack on this timeline and dimension set. He tried to get to me and Rosey, but our defenses were overpowered to that thing. Unfortunately, EXE corrupted the timeline placement where Mama, with my ol' body, have been these months. She defended herself well, but Magi-Chan had to go and rescue her and bring her back to this timeline. For the time being, Mama with my body, and I with her body, can not be close to each other, as that would trigger the soul return-swap prematurely.
Magi-Chan is bringing her to you and Bismuth in California; he should have arrived and personally talked with Bismuth by the time you read this message.
BUT, at this time, we need to keep her return to this time Absolutely Quiet to Anyone Else in this dimension, outside of you, Neko and I.
I have already texted Bismuth about this.
Mama's one soul, and my one body, are in the safety of yours and Bismuth’s hands. Also, make sure Sockness is no where near or aware of her presence at all.
Thank you both.
Again, no one outside of the three of us in this dimension must know of Mama's return to this timeline. Continue on as you were when talking with everyone else.
Mama will typically be meditative, active, as well as talkative. Should she be in your company and talk with you, Neko, be sure to talk with her in return as well.
Watching WCT's YouTube channel
6 November 2020
Chat posted by The WCT in the second layer of The Place to discuss with other Watchmen.[2]
Chris (as Sonichu)
Just finished listening to the interview between you and Thad. Let me state that throughout the video, You showed professional traits and compassion while talking with him. You did a very good job.
I tell you what, in the new timeline, I'm positive Mama Chris Chan, herself, would delight in recording an interview with you, personally, from within this body, obviously.
At least you and Bismuth can talk with her during this time. I'm praying that the first day with y'all, or at least with Bismuth, has not been too difficult.
We're gonna check out some of the Randy vids for a while,
Check you later.
Post-death message for Stair
6 November 2020
Some excerpts were posted by The WCT in the second layer of The Place to discuss with other Watchmen,[2] and others were discussed with Anaxis in DMs.[3]
Upon viewing The WCT's YouTube documentary on Randy Stair, Chris wanted to help Stair get a post-death message out. He recorded an audio file role-playing as Stair and gave it to The WCT for uploading onto his YouTube channel. WCT declined to do so.
Chris (as Sonichu)
No worries, dude.
Also, Randy says you may share the audio clip on your channel (while editing out the part where she mentioned where you live, if you wish).
That's a crazy thing about being possessed by someone else; this body is uber protected from unwarranted possession, and Randy had to go through a briefing on the guidelines of caution while talking through this body. But while they are in here, I'm still dominant and observant, and the body and brain are heavily self- sufficient, as that was made apparent throughout some of what she said. Sure, she had access to the conscious memories, but only that which was mutually on her mind as well, and the related topic of which she was thinking of.
Anyway, regardless, this body and brain are staying alive and well for millions of years and so on. And there are no subconscious, conscious or inkling intentions of self-harm or suicide; I promise you and everyone that.
Anyway, it's good to be helping when I am able to.
Check you later
Hey. Just finished watching the Andrew Blaze documentaries.
The WCT
You did?
what did you think?
Chris (as Sonichu)
I also listened to your final thoughts about her. I disagree on the impression she had left and how far and wide it had become. Although not everything was put online as she had foreseen, the fact that people are still talking about her, and that there are those, locally and distant around the world, who remember her, feel Andrew had left a great size viral amount from the event and her ranting and venting prior to that. I agree she had quite the ego while alive during that later time. He did however legitimately see into our dimension as well as the spiritual realm and have communications with those amongst us OCs and FCs in both of those dimensions.
I have also taken into consideration another theory: the timing between the shooting and when Mama started talking with Johnson Wiles and IdeaGuy, though I'm still meditating on the common links.
The rantings and how Andrew was feeling throughout were ones that not only tugged at the heart strings, but did show his upset and anger with others. And the empathy went off in this noggin in a read of those emotions, although I did maintain my own mentality and strength to not totally copy her personality at the times. Not to mention the number of things in common she and Mama had, including that their respective families were really heavily concerned about money, among other traits I fail to recall at this moment. (edited)
I will also mention that while she look up to Ember, Andrew found faith in a Goddess. (edited)
I was able to see into her mind at times, and the Goddess she ended up praying to was not Ember, obviously, but seeing an aura and person outline very much similar to Mama Chris Chan, herself.
From that, you could talk about that Andrew had an inkling of knowledge of who and what Mama is even before IdeaGuy did his shit, and Mama found those details about herself later on.
Good or bad, and regardless, Andrew and her ghost squadron are able to help and do their part in the events of the Dimension Merge, especially now that I was able to help her get a post-death message out.
And that is regardless of someone wanting to become famous "on the coat tails of Chris Chan's fame". Also, for the longer time, Magi-Chan had Danny Phantom on call. And their participation was foreseen to be one for our favour. Oh, yeah, another thing in common, at least between Andrew and me: she wanted and waited to get into the spirit realm, and nowadays, I've been wanting and waiting to get myself and this body back into C-197 and complete the tasks and quests leading up to my returning this body to Mama in the Covid-free timeline.
Difference being that Mama does not have to die to transition. That's only more than my two bolts worth for now. One more thing, at the end of Part 9, after the credits, there's a clip from Thaddius' documentary; I feel like that was just a left-field transition. Really out of place. You could have got the same advertisement of the other documentary series by adding a link at the end of the video. "Four Years Earlier" feels a bit weird on that.
The WCT
I did that on purpose to give people a sneak preview of the next documentary.
Chris (as Sonichu)
Obviously, but it still feels like an awkward placement.
At least you have a new message from Andrew to share with the world. And Andrew knew about Mama as a Goddess, at least in inkling.
Gallery
WCT's new account
11 May 2021[4]
Hey Chris, Its Neko. My account got recently banned because Bismuth was recently being a naughty boy lately and I had to be foolish enough to go into servers that I shouldn't have gone into. But fortunately, I made a new account and I returned to the place safely.
Asking Chris to leave The Place
22 June 2021[4]
Chris, please leave the place. If you want to know why that is, I'll explain.
Something going further wrong in the group once again?
I need to VC with you in private.
Just you and me.
Okay.
I will voice chat with you, Neko.
Day after tomorrow; Friday the 25th; 4:30 pm, (your) Pacific time.
yes, that sounds good with me.
Remember, just you and me.
Ok?
this is a very serious matter, and don't worry, you're not in trouble. This has something to do with other stuff.
btw, why are you unable to VC tomorrow? I need to talk with you urgently.
Fated Timing. Also, Barbie Chan is planning on doing some physical work in sorting a bunch of small boxes that have been needing to be sorted and disposed or placed properly.
Very likely, I will have become fatigued in helping her complete this task by the time I would have been most likely receptive, but the strongest at the time would likely very much be up to ten percent receptive.
Also, I am presently going through a major upgrade and transformation spiritually and in my Goddess abilities and powers. This process will very much definitely be flowing through into the entire day and night today (the 24th). Also, Strawberry Full Moon as part of that massive equation, so my brain and soul will be majorly divided during the day.
Friday is much better, because I foresee and know better that my brain will not be needed during the day as much with the cosmic and multiversal/interdimensional links and duties after about mid-afternoon. I will have recharged my mental energy by 7:30 pm (my time) on Friday with a Dew.S.A and brain-healing binaural beat meditation tracks.
Chris.
I want to speak to you because I want you to be safe and sound.
same with me.
I want to speak to you soon because the situation isn't too good on my end.
If you can talk with me tomorrow, that would be great.
Voice Chat
25 June 2021[4]
3 hours Chris. See you then.
8 minutes.
2 hours later.
Hey, Neko.
I totally spaced; I am really sorry.
I can talk now if you are free.
I'm here.
are you ready to VC?
Let me go pee real quick. Be right back
take your time Chris.
Back
you good to talk now?
Yeah
The WCT then started a Voice Chat which lasted 101 minutes. During the conversation, he sent Chris several images, audio files, a link to Naught's Kiwi Farms profile, and a YouTube video containing recorded audio of the Watchmen group's movie night during which WCT accused Naught (aka Bismuth) of having doxed him (embedded below).
He also sent Chris an invite link to the Knights of CWC Discord server.
Click to load content
Chris texts Null
26 June 2021[4]
Chris texted Null about Naught (aka Bismuth) and screencapped the messages to share with The WCT.
Hey, Neko. Talked with Josh. His feedback on Bismuth is still in keep and agreement. As promised, I strictly confide with you those talk screen caps. I trust you to keep these to yourself; these stay off of anything posted online, as well as videos and whatever else.
Also Strictly Confidential; just between you and I for now, I also mentioned to Josh of my plans for going to Everfree Northwest in less than a couple of months from now.
He’s expressed interest in supporting my trip.
That’s all for now.
Continue safe, strong, and consciously, Neko.
Check you later.
😊⚡️💙⚡️
Chris's and Null's messages are quoted below, Chris's in blue and Null's in kiwi orange.
Naught is the same name as a mega asshole on the kiwi farms. I don't know if he's the same person. Does he use an anime avatar?
I had to ban the one on the forum
Yes. That's him.
From what I've heard of his recent voice clips, he not only sounded like he was heavily defending himself and covering something up (I felt those emotions and vibes as well), but I also sense a slight vibe of external influence; possibly someone controlling him.
He's in a group of two or three other people and they plan stuff together.
Mentally ill anime people.
Don't give them access to anything private
Yep. More than just anime, though. They've also talked of racism, and Nazi type things.
Definitely two others. Kyle and MKR; Kyle is definitely worse; talks soo damn much, boasting his smart-talk, interrogating my intentions and present mentalities. Damn, he's seriously tiring.
Yeah he's a weirdo. Keep him at a distance. If you have any issues with him let me know.
I am planning on silently leaving the place Discord server, but on the right and fated timing in the near future. I don't want to pull out prematurely. I've also muted their respective phone numbers.
Good idea. Careful with discords, see people trying to invite you to their clubs all the time. It's a lot of drama.
Side-note, I will have to confirm Nightvee's safety and being from Meghan. But, I'm certain Nights and Reala have his back during uncertain moments.
No shit.
Too much drama.
But what's been recently happening, it is another level.
Even potential worse "Big Boy" Doxxing from Naught.
Who is he doxing?
Neko/Wildcat.
I have foreseen this potential outcome when I joined the group a couple of years ago, but I was uncertain at the time which were the toxic ones.
I had felt it was well and good to be part in later confirmation.
It probably started with good intentions but then people get their personal politics.
I was not surprised at all that they were wanting to take advantage of my less mature mentality of yesteryears, but how much they've should have know I have been maturing and doing better since coming out in '14.
Right on.
There were background happenings that saw other kind individuals banned from the group as well.
Anaxis, Silvia, Nigel Uno, Aquadiamond, to name a few.
"Ran them out of town", supposedly, too.
If you're looking for some kind of outlet for talking to people let me know. Not sure what kind of socializing you're into these days. It seems like you want to have fans around.
WCT commented:
I just saw these screenshots btw.
props to Josh.
Well done Chris!
Later that night.
Hey Chris. I just got kicked out of the place again. However, I don't intend on returning this time and I think its obvious why I would think that way.
I'd suggest you quietly leave the place and follow my lead.
Dental appointment
27 June 2021[4]
I also am having a root canal on Friday, early afternoon. Had to borrow from my lender, recently, to cover the cost of that, and a future Crown for one of my back teeth.
Chris leaves The Place
27 June 2021[4]
I shall follow my instincts on the timing is silently making my leave from there. A coup step for me, indeed.
Two hours later.
The timing is right. I have just left the place server.
Kyle was definitely reading into the last insight I was leaving for the three of them.
It is very good.
Thank you Chris.
you did the right thing.
Chris do me a favor and don't talk to Meghan and Nova.
they will lie.
they will use their manipulation skills on you as they did with me.
New sweetheart
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
2 July 2021[4]
I’m actually feeling really good right now.
I hit the hay during the 10:00 hour last night.
I had an extensive and lucidly clear dream, and I didn’t wake up until about 4:30 am. (edited)
Sorry; also shared this story with Emily in sane highest level strict confidence earlier.
I know why I am getting much better quality sleep; it’s been so for the past week.
An uninterrupted extensive clear dream after hitting the hay around midnight; ending up with less than six hours of sleep and feeling very well-rested and satisfied afterwards.
Partly, it is to do with the Universe, Cosmos, and the events taking place as part of the Dimension Merge.
I will tell you the bigger reason why, But this is Seriously, Strictly Confidential.
I genuinely do not want this to get out in public ears and radar, Especially Anywhere on the freaking Kiwi Farms.
I have been more sex-positive lately; masturbation has become easier and more fun with me in recent months.
But the more recent significant detail: I have a sex partner of our 1218 half of our universe; she has been very satisfactory.
Her identity needs to remain a Strict Secret, and this is a mutual genuine affection.
I’m finally getting the long overdue experience, and she is helping me explore.
The relationship is open, still, and I remain compassionate and loyal with Magi-Chan and the others.
Since we’ve started the ship progress with the first intercourse last Sunday, I have been feeling a lot less physically stressed and improved quality of life.
We’re mainly still exploring the options and teaching each other up to when we find what works best; she is physically older than I; considerably fragile, but she has Great inner strength and Soul Power.
I mean, Simply Just…
how old is she?
Oh, Fucking Yeah!
and btw, I'm glad that you found somebody Chris. We all deserve a somebody.
Can’t be too specific, but she is physically older than I.
how long have you known her?
and how did you meet her?
Well, I’ve met her a while ago, and was not fully aware at the time.
And my ally deities guided me to seek her out and make things go further with great effort.
We have talked off and on during the time in person.
Behind a considerable camouflage, she was, but she was honest in her emotions.
And she wanted to be with me as well; mutual feelings on good rapport.
This was not online, I assure you, but in person all the way.
wow...
i'm frankly surprised tbh.
As am I, but this was one of the foreseen possibilities, and I am rather content it turned out this way, as well as how good and on point it was and continues to be.
She actually lives not very far from here, and we visit and talk often.
Living together is an option, most definitely.
But in recent days, it feels like we have been living together already.
Do you intend on keeping this relationship you're having with her a secret from the public?
[...]
Sex plans
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
2 July 2021[4]
In response to scheduling a voice chat.
Also, so you know, I’d do tomorrow, but my partner and I are planning on sex for that night. We’re exploring the options to find our niche, and we’re going for every third night at the present.
Massage oil and dream
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
3 July 2021[4]
Good Morning, Leo. I put it in my reminder as well.
I was feeling REALLY zonked last evening; even fell asleep during Emgo’s
recent review of an MPM Bumblebee Movie Optimus Prime, as well as taking
another look at the Toyworld figure. Darn Toyworld figure really fell apart on
him in the prep work for the MPM figure.
Anyway, I have had a really significant dream last night.
And it actually looked similar to, and as if it was a combination of some of my
other dreams from before over the years.
We were here at the temple, I looked out of the window, and there are
Massive happenings in outer space right above our area, seen from over and
beyond the house across from us.
There were all of the other eight planets, arranged like a collection of Chaos
Emeralds (counting the eighth Emerald), with an empty center; the planets
made a ring and came together, and there was now this massive fire ball like
planet. And alien beings that I can remember were amongst the Rokat crew,
and others my noggin fabricated. I was the major key in taking them down
and stopping the invasion and the Earth being conquered.
There is also a Very Special literal Flag with a Flag Pole; a Blue and White
flag; different from the flag that would have been considered hand drawn even
by my hands.
It looks very similar to the Blue Team’s flag from Red Vs Blue.
And That flag in My hands is apparently a major element in my ability to take
down this incoming threat. Also, in the dream, everyone else was working on
defending themselves and the planet. Even the Decepticons were allied with
the Autobots in this common cause and goal to defend themselves and their
second home, here.
Starscream and Megatron were lead defenders alongside other ally Autobots
in this area of our planet, here.
I managed to defend myself and keep the temple safe in the dream, though this
dream was more of an observational one, as I sensed and momentarily saw a
future version of myself with that blue flag being helped aboard to take out the
likes of Jakoba and the boss group on there. I do remember ending up on the
Earth’s moon in part of those Boss Battles as well.
Leo, have you had similar dreams as of late as well?
Off-topic, I also wanted to let you know about: my partner and I are also
working with a lovely massage oil I purchased from Rebeckah’s Natural
Foods recently; this is a really goood massage oil. The scent is energizing,
and it just feels so sensational on the skin for both of us. I highly recommend
it for yourself and your partner (though, please correct me if you don’t have a
partner for yourself yet).
I really like putting some on my body after every shower as well. Just not as
easy onto my back.
I’ll let my partner give me that pleasure tonight.
Every three nights
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
3 July 2021[4]
I gotta go; it’s about shower time, and my partner and I have our fun about 9:00 tonight; we go for every three nights for the deed at the present.
I will check you later.
Video strikes
6 July 2021[4]
well...this is unfortunate.
[WCT posts an image of his YouTube channel receiving strikes, image failed to load]
I think I know who it is that did this.
I sense it as well.
You have my support, Leo.
The new flag idea might actually be good for the new channel you may end up with.
At least you have the other services with the episodes uploaded.
The one major demon above Naught is beginning to rear their mug
Bis basically admitted it.
[WCT posts an image, image failed to load]
I just submitted an appeal to YouTube, but I'm not too confident that it will go through. And because of that, I just launched a new channel to house my content while await my strike to be removed.
Sexy negligee
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
Chris Chan Sonichu wearing a sexy negligee
10 July 2021[4]
Just had my shower, and I wanted to share a juicy detail with you.
oh boy.
My lady friend and I are really making good progress in the bedroom. I'm figuring out how to best pleasure her (she's really sensitive internally down there). And, what I'd like to share is this:
As you may have guessed from the recent drawing I did in the theme of “Final Boss in a Sexy Outfit”, I have always, always, always wanted to own and wear some negligent. So, I shared the drawing and desire of mine with her, and she was all for it!😆
LOL noice.
So, I went onto Adam & Eve's website, and ordered three garments, and a transparent robe. One of the negligent is about exactly on what I had drawn onto myself.
I can confide a photograph of me posing in it, if you'd like, but I'd imagine you'd rather be content with just seeing the product page of the Bedtime Story piece.
of course.
And it looks soo good on me.
So many years ago, I never really had thought I could look so damn sexy.
lol
And it feels really good.
That's all for now. Check you later, Leo-Tiger.
you too.
wishing you and your partner the best.
😚💙
Sockness alert
12 July 2021[4]
The WCT alerts Chris to Jacob Sockness's plan to attend Everfree Northwest in disguise to meet with Chris, to which Chris responds he won't let Sockness get close to him. Chris tells WCT he has been asking Null and Caden if they know any Christorians who could come to the convention with him for sharing and protection and asks WCT if he knows of any. WCT replies that he doesn't.
Chris. I don’t know if you’ll get to read this, but I got some disturbing news.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Kidasuna/comments/ocsgyf/going_to_ever_free/
Look out, Sockness is trying to come up North.
Quite. I will alert Josh with this news.
You should Chris.
this is a potential problem.
Don't let Jacob get close to you ever.
No fucking shit.
I thought he'd be over you by now. lol
its been like 2 years since that failed train trip?
Speaking of which, Leo, I have something to ask you.
of course ask away.
I have asked Josh, and even Caden to see if we can get a posse together to be at the convention with me in sharing and protection. Do you know of some strong Christorians or similar who could be of good help that are attending? (edited)
Or, could you look them up and find out, please?
I'll be in Indiana while you're at the convention.
and I don't really know a lot of people out here on the West Coast that are
Christorians.
And I’m thinking those who reside on the west side of the US (edited)
as I said, I don't know a lot. lol
but yes, you do need some protection.
Well, it was worth a shot. If you find anyone in your circles online who are attending, please enlist them.
I can even refer you to the Everfree NW Discord server.
I have major feelings that regardless of full-body costume, I will be able to sense Sockness from many feet away.
My sacral chakra practically felt explosive on his train ride here, so I have
good instinct in listening to my chakra points and energy field directions.
I am still feeling good and safe in this convention trip, regardless.
Anyway, thank you, Sean.
I’ll check you later.
of course.
Have a great day Chris.
I just want you to stay safe.
Chris sent an invite link to the Everfree Northwest Discord server.
thanks, I'll join this.
Barbara's ex
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
12 July 2021[4]
Directly continuing from the previous conversation on Everfree Northwest, Chris discusses Jack Smithey, an ex of Barbara's, as well as Jacob Sockness' presence at the upcoming Everfree Northwest convention.
Hey, just a quick note: I have asked Barbie about Jack Smithey. Firstly, I ended up confusing Jerry, who was the magician, with Jack. And Jerry was the majority-of-the-time step father of Cole.
With that, there Are photos of Jerry here, But there are no photos of Jack, here.
oh thank you.
I'm curious to see this.
btw, has Josh gotten in touch with you yet?
Short story of it is that Jack and Barbie went out, sexed up, knocked her up.
Then he hit the road; was not in it to be a daddy. The life on the open road
called out to him more.
what an asshole. lol
I have told Josh about the Sockness situation; very quick, he thought to warn the convention people about Sockness. I opted to tell him to let them know of his heavy usage of dark magic and arts, and that his aura Reeks of the dark vibes.
so he's aware and is taking action?
Yes
thank god.
your safety is our priority, and we want you to have a good time without anybody making it stressful.
You know, in a bit of irony thinking it further: Sockness wants to sex me up, "making me his one-and-only and taking away new virginity, and shit", but I’m having sex with my lady friend. Sockness feels my vibe that exhumes "Chris Chan’s had sex", he will likely be VERY thrown off his game.
YUCK!
At least I don’t have to be That close to him to emit the vibe.
when Sockness tries to go near you: [WCT posted a reaction image].
We’ll have to identify him, first, and he’s likely going in a full-body costume, and the only way to recognize him initially will be from the aura he reeks.
We identify, and confirm, and then pounce on him upon him trying anything.
Sockness will be cucked by men in Pickle Suits before he can get to you. lol
Or other cosplay that is available to them at the time.
LOL
If I was able to, I'd do it. But I'll be in Indiana so I sadly can't.
If you come down for BABScon though, don't be surprised if I'm there.
I understand.
That’s an affirmative on that.
Anyway, unless you check the big rigs, the mystery of Jack Smithey remains up in the air.
I don't respect men like Jack.
Yes, what a major ass.
I’m positive Cole feels the same.
its one thing to have one night stands with somebody, but impregnating them and leaving them after that? wow.
Low balls (edited)
Naught and Geno
12 July[4]
The WCT asks Chris about his history with Bismuth, aka the Watchmen member Naught. Chris and The WCT also talk about potential upcoming episodes of Geno's Chris Chan: A Comprehensive History.
oh, and Chris. I have a couple questions if you don't mind answering.
Sure
this is about you and Bismuth in the past.
So when did you first contact him?
like which year?
And when did he give you that phone number of his. (like when did he start
texting you via that number)
Tried to answer the earliest text message question, but that was not working so
well. I remember being approached by Bismuth during the Sockness "Saga" (pffffft) in late 2019. I also remember this, due to the timing of creating the "Nightvee and the Warriors for Andromeda" expansion pack for TSSSF.
ah.
The Sockness Saga will be something to watch when Geno gets there.
N.F.S.
In fact, it might be the last saga that people might actually be entertained by.
Yet I’m certain he will cover the ten and a half months when Sonichu Prime and I were body-swapped.
oh absolutely.
And I'm probably going to be there as well.
Makes sense. And everyone’s gonna be blown away in the near future with the completion of the Dimension Merge.
I've been talking to Geno lately, and I gave him consent to reference me in the series.
Good on you.
I originally didn't want to but I felt that I played a big part in what's been happening lately so I decided to reverse my decision.
Your wisdom in the revelations, enlightenment, and the behind the scenes insight is a major talking point.
I've already been interviewed by the CWCki. [WCT posted a link to it]
I will read that later.
I have it open in a tab on my Safari browser.
oh okay.
I’ll check you later. Stay safe. Goodnight, and thank you, Leo.
you're welcome.
Stay Safe Chris.
And thank you for telling me the info that you know, I appreciate it.
Everfree security
13 July 2021[4]
The WCT and Chris continue discussing plans to defend Chris from Jacob Sockness at the Everfree Northwest convention. Chris brings up Bella and says she will help as a defense measure against Sockness. Chris also uses magical thinking to pretend that the spirit of Randy Stair will help guide WCT against Sockness.
Hey Chris.
I had this idea of possibly doing a repeat of 2 years ago in regards to defending you from Sockness.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Kidasuna/comments/ojabwb/hotel_and_plane/
the man claims he has everything to go, and this is troubling.
So what I thought about doing is that I have you do a voice clip of yourself letting people know that Sockness is out to get you again, and you should tell those people that they should contact the convention to prevent him from even entering in the first place.
Fair and valid idea, but I do not want to put pressure on anyone from enjoying the festivities.
I will meditate on that, however.
And like minds think alike yet again, my friendly Leo Azul; I was considering copying/pasting the earlier discussed plan for when I was going to attend BABSCon last year in avoiding Sockness.
Having to do with the group of us staying in the hotel taking the same elevator up, and stopping off at multiple floors; I get off on a floor that is not mine and take the stairs the rest of the way.
And everyone else can get off at their respective floors as normal.
Although, in this case, obviously, this plan would be shared with the present posse we’re assembling.
Also, Strictly Confidential, but I have a travel partner in the works for the flight to Washington and back at the same airport and likely will share the room with her.
Not my lady friend, but it’s Bella of the Praetor group.
But having her nearby as a genuine friend and defense measure is of good help.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Kidasuna/comments/ojn1my/christine_will_have_bodyguards_make_sure_your/
I can't believe people would go this far to wanting terrible things for you. And look at Jacob threatening to do his worst. Disgusting.
Quite the dark veil that challenges us to face head-on.
And appropriate with what I have to talk to you about, Sean.
There have been the various and continuing cosmic and energy shifts in progress in these events. I know you’ve been feeling these as well.
Hitting me tough, but I’m still hanging in there strong and overpowered.
Ember just came to me with a message in regard to Sockness.
Randy and the Ghost Squad are working to break through the horde of demons around his apartment building.
In the present energy shift, there is a potential boost going to Sockness.
But there is a counter, and it involves you, Sean.
Me and Bella.
Hey.
Bella is on my end in the future trip, But in the immediate present, Randy and Ember need your help.
You have great and powerful magic in addition to your psychic abilities.
With Andrew and Ember's help, I will defeat Bismuth for good. And to ensure that he doesn't hurt another innocent again.
Please, focus; this is referring to Jacob; I will come back to Bismuth in a moment.
And you have great insight and have found a zen in dark and light within and around you.
I find it hilarious that Jacob thinks he can outsmart me and the others. lol
"oh, the Watchmen are gone that means I can finally harm Chris!" nah man, just because the trio are gone doesn't mean I'm not around.
and like everything else in life, the trio have been replaced.
What you’re being asked to do is channel the energy and magic from Jake’s person and direction; draining him in the progress.
You will have to astral project and look into his mind a bit to do this, but you will be guided by Randy and the other neutral and good spirits to get around the demons.
This is going to be a major process for you, but I would not be telling you to do this if we did not feel you were up to the task at hand.
this whole thing is my first test as a leader overall.
Quite
but with everybody's help in this, I am confident that I won't let you down.
Good thought.
I have faith and confidence in you, Sean, my Messenger Leo.
😊⚡️💙⚡️
Thank you Chris.
I hope Bella, and whoever accompanies you in Seattle will do their thing.
let them know that I give them my energy in their defense against Jacob.
Chris describes his lady friend
NOTE: At this point, Chris is maintaining a cover story that his sex partner is simply an older woman.
14 July 2021[4]
WCT asks Chris to describe his "lady friend" that he had been having a sexual relationship with. Chris dances around the matter with vague hints on her age and misleading statements on the possibility of she and his mother meeting.
At the end of the month, the incest call would leak, revealing that the lady friend was actually his mother.
is your love quest over?
Plus, my lady friend is an overpowered individual, herself, in her own right even before I came further into her life.
It has been over since I found love with Magi-Chan and Cryzel in 2018.
The present matrer is one that totally cleared that up for my body on this half of the veil.
what does she look like btw.
I never asked you this if you're wondering.
I suppose I can share a few details with you on physical characteristics.
As I have stated, she is over 50.
She has grey hair
Shorter in height than I
Blue eyes
so around the age of my pops.
Is your pops between 50 and 60 years old?
early 50s.
around the age your father had you.
he was born at the peak of the Vietnam War.
one of Gen X's earliest sons.
My lady friend is 20+ years older than him.
so 70s?
Yes
damn.
so close to your mother's.
I am attracted to wisdom and intelligence.
You could say that
have her and your mother met yet?
But she still looks and does good despite that.
Which also was a reason why for my Tweet set about older individuals needing love too.
They have, yes, and Barbie is fully supportive.
i'm sure they can get along.
They do; it’s rather similar to one meeting their inner child, because my lady friend is quite energetic, herself.
hmmm
reminds me a bit of my mother.
she's in her early 60s yet she still acts like she's in her 40s.
Yep
I think her asian genetics have really came in handy.
Mortality
14 July 2021[4]
Immediately picking up from the previous conversation on age and genetics.
Now you make me think of Robertchu and how he credits his stubborn Cherokee heritage for surviving three heart attacks and two triple bypasses.
your father survived all that??
Pacemaker was installed as well at one point, yes.
what a tough guy. lol
Still tougher than nails on the C-197 half in his Sonichu self.
he must've had a lot of spiritual guardians preventing him from dying.
And destiny and fate, yes.
I think when he passed, I feel like he chose to leave.
and becoming one with the guardians.
Okay, now I’m feeling crestfallen and reminded of what he had said in Martha Jefferson on his birthday.
He actually said such self-harming statements like Andy Warhol knowing his next trip to the hospital, even for routine gallbladder surgery, would be his last.
That is another thing
A Common Mistake among the typical individual:
They tend to be like “I’m gonna die, I’m gonna die”, and then death manifests before them.
If they had said that they were staying alive and living for years to come, they would have actually stayed longer up to over a hundred or so.
Too many make the mistake of accepting death and wanting to flee the battlefield so recklessly.
I feel like when my body is too weak, I will chose to leave the body I am in now.
and yes, that means becoming an eternal guardian.
Your body is stronger than you think, and you know it.
Like I know for fact that my body is immortal, and therefore I continue to affirm this as well.
its not the body, its the mind.
Both in combination, yes.
even when my body no longer functions, I'll already know by then who I'll lend down my mind to.
i'm never really gone. lol
For now, I need to let you go for the night; you have your work cut out for you with taking some of Sockness’ energy and power.
Do not fall for the dark side. Ember and Randy will be your light if you slip.
Blessings to you and your efforts, Sean.
Do your best.
⚡️💙⚡️
again, thank you Chris.
And be safe
same with you.
send my regards to the Praetor people while you're at it. 🙂
let them know they have my powers.
have a good one. ⚡
Invitation
NOTE: At this point, Fiona posed as "Fifi Vixenhart".
19 July 2021[4]
Chris tells The WCT he is inviting Bella and Fiona who are both set to attend Everfree Northwest with him, into the Knights of CWC Discord server. Chris also shares "Fifi"'s photo with WCT and chats a bit about her. Chris expresses confidence in the posse he is putting together for Everfree.
Hey, Leo.
Just a heads-up, I’m sharing an invite to the group with my friend, Bella, of the Praetor group.
yes please do!
I’m also sending an invite to a new friend who is a resident of Washington who will also be joining Bella and I at the convention, with her convention buddy.
Her name is Fifi Vixenhart.
oh okay.
btw, good morning from Cali.
Good morning to you. 💙
its good that they're joining though. For better or worse, they should be telling us on what they're doing.
Anyway, she is also on the spectrum but has some self-defense of her own.
She is a very kind admirer, and I do sense she will not only be of help for the weekend, but this will boost her self-confidence as well.
This is a photo of her
I trust you to keep this info between you and I in confidentiality.
of course.
She is also 19 years old, and she is looking and choosing her college.
Her parents are rather overprotective as well, but she is proving herself in their view as well.
at least mine were chill.
only came in when it was necessary.
At least they came in and helped you out; each of those times are a blessing to be counted on your end.
exactly, and that's what good parents do.
Is Fifi the new member that just joined?
Yes
That is her
I hope that she and Bella will collaborate with us to ensure your safety at the convention.
i'm feeling confident about this.
I am positive they will most assuredly.
We’re getting the Posse together.
I hope they end up enjoying this trip so much that they'll have to come to BABScon next year. lol
I believe that an0nym0us who joined the group is Bella.
I saw she had joined, but her name did not appear on the member list.
weird.
she sould be on the list now.
can you ask Bella if she's the Anon person?
I would appreciate it if you did. Lainchu isn't completely convinced yet.
I did ask her; she is.
nvm, I talked with Bella. She confirmed its her. 🙂
Adult Chronicles exists in C-197
23 July 2021[4]
Question:
I heard about that game being made, and I was wondering what you would do if you helped advised it?
or consult.
Sorry, what game?
the Adult Chronicles.
I heard about it on Twitter, and I was curious to know your opinion on it.
Oh.
Actually, the Adult Chronicles, the actual game, already exists in C-197 in fully programmed media.
But with this iteration, here, it’s mainly interpretations and misinterpretations of my adult years post-High School Graduation from the context and lack of context available online.
I feel like it won't tell the whole story.
and your story is very very long.
24 July 2021
No shit, and still ongoing.
Upset at MLP G5
27 July 2021[4]
The WCT talks to Chris, concerned over Chris's behavior in a video about the rebooted My Little Pony cartoon and the video revealing there are several punched-in holes in the wall.
Chris I just saw your video on MLP G5, and while I'm concerned over your recent anger over it, I understand why you don't like it.
I don't like those designs either. They're pretty bad. lol
But please, don't hurt yourself.
come to the server and vent.
I am not going to hurt myself at all, Sean.
And this has Nothing to do with the trivial details, including their design.
As I have stated, it has to do with the fact G5 is Not supposed to exist at all in this timeline until After Season Fourteen of G4.
so the issue you have with it is that they're doing it too early?
My action was just for the justice and safety of our universe and our timeline, here.
BINGO
Anyway, I am about to take a shower.
I will talk more on the server later or tomorrow.
Thank you, Sean.
ok, I just wanted to DM you because I was worried.
I'm glad you cleared it up for me.
After all, if G5 is not cancelled soon now, things WILL get Metaphysical for and with Hasbro.
G4 made MLP bigger than it was before.
I can't see G5 making the same impact.
They're making a mistake.
No fucking shit.
I pray and ask my fellow deities and our ally spirits in the spirit realms to make fucking positive and sure Hasbro gets this message DEEEEEEP and Now.
The punched-in wall visible in a video.
also, can you explain what happened to the wall?
there's speculation that you punched it.
My hands have punched that wall more than once in the past, yes.
But it was part of the sequence of events at the time in practice of physically breaking the threads of the iron curtain veil.
I’ll check you later.
okay, thanks for telling me.
have a great rest of your day Chris.
Rest assured, I have absolutely no intentions at all to hurt nor kill myself.
🙂
If you like, this message, and my rest assured message, you may share publicly.
I give you my consent on this.
thanks.
Role-playing to cope with MLP cartoon
28 July 2021[4]
Hey, Sean.
I sense there may be additional concerns and fears that have spawned with you recently.
Please, feel free to talk with me about them.
what's going on?
I was thinking of you and sensed that you may have found additional concerns while conducting your investigation and research.
But, on the other hand, here,
There is a concern that is bothering me a bit: the responses from the few amongst the collective who are actually more Light than Dark, yet they’re listening to the bad demons, in response to the premature existence of MLP G5.
I did have an idea that you may be most influential in shifting the tide for the positive for our timeline.
You can go live in a video with your thoughts and insight about MLP G5, and comment with the details I have shared so far, and what you, as well, have seen in your visions, and even heard from talking with the spirits and angels from the realms.
This could very well be another instance the Messenger WildLeo (you) comes through in breaking up the chaos and boughts. (edited)
one thing I know for sure.
I have recently communicated with Randy, and he shares the same opinion as you on G5. (edited)
Take some time to think this through and write your insights and thoughts, along with what you’ve heard from Andrew, the Ghost Squad, and the others.
I plan on actually viewing the upcoming film when it comes out. Just to roast it of course. lol
It is actually BEST to not wait on that at all.
Although you do have the option to roast the leaks and footage so far.
But, more and to the point: how Equestria losing its magic in this premature execution will impact Everything in this timeline and for all of us within it, here.
If we can prevent the MOVIE from ever being debut at all, that gives us the BEST chance in maintaining the safety and durability of our timeline.
I'll admit, its an uphill battle.
I'll give it my all, but nothing is assured.
best to keep your expectations low, and you'll never be disappointed.
All we ask is that you give it your best and all, Sean.
Thank you soo much.
⚡️💙⚡️
You're welcome Chris.
⚡
Asking about Incest Call leak
30 July 2021 (leaked by Anaxis on 11 August 2023)[5]
The WCT asks Chris about the Incest Call. Chris answers questions about it, including giving confirmation that he was having sex with Barbara. Chris asks that WCT delete his end of the conversation, and Chris begins deleting his own side of the conversation. While WCT complied with Chris's request, he had taken screenshots of the conversation in real time and posted them in the Knights of CWC server in order to discuss with other server members.[6]
what happened.
its okay man, just tell me everything.
I'll tell you the immediate present details for now; Strictly Confidential, and I am trusting you a Lot, here, my Leo Messenger friend.
So, as it stands, with everyone going all drama-crazy, they messaged the police. And it got so bad, the local judge sent some out to take Barbara to the hospital to check her mentality and physical status; she is very well and good off-camera, I assure you.
Anyway, I got served an Emergency Protective Order; I have to stay at least 300 feet away from her, AND the Temple, since that is under her name.
So, at the present, I am short-funded in pocket money, and my bank account is in the red by $200. But my PayPal is safe and not in the red at present.
I am presently trying to find comfy housing within my aunt and uncle's place. I have arrived a few minutes ago, and I had called them earlier to let them know that I needed their help. But they're not home at the moment.
The protective order is in effect until 11:59 pm, August 4.
So, I have to stay away from the temple for a few days.
I've packed a few bags, and I have the van.
And at the present, I may have to fall onto a plan B of finding alternative accomodations; I do not wish to sleep in the van at all.
hopefully you'll have a hotel arranged.
I have contacted Caden and Josh on that idea as well.
If I can get at least $100 at the present, I should be safe for at least one night at a motel around here.
I just withdrew $36 from my Patreon that was blessedly available. Super grateful for that blessing.
I am holding strong and faithful, as well as calm and clear minded as possible within these present circumstance.
Now Chris.
can you explain what happened in that call?
who were you talking to?
Ah. I was talking via Video Call through the app, Signal, with Bella.
She was deemed trustworthy for the most part to have been deity-level chosen to be the one-and-only to confide the secret with.
But, now, while I have faith on these events to shape her for the better, and whatever circumstance, or even her roommate, or even the possible 42-year old male she may be accomplice with, saw all this and leaked it out of concern.
Why would she do this though. And when did this call take place? is it old? is it new?
But, in the conversation, more or less as heard in the audio clip, that was a piece of it that I told her about Barbara and I.
The call took place literally on Tuesday the 27th, on about 9:30 pm, EST.
I remember that afternoon was rough after finding the MLPG5 figures in Charlottesville.
Same day
Now Chris. Here's a tough question. -
I'm grounded
the allegation is that you had sexual relations with your mother.
is is this true?
Yes
chris.
why.
The love and affection was there and genuine, as I have told you in confidence earlier.
It was a mutual choice, she was and is sound in mind, body and soul.
She made the choice, as well as the first sexual move.
After this conversation is done, I ask you to delete these details from your end of the chat as well, please.
you're still my friend, but I don't know why this happened.
Twist of Fate.
Plus, this was a time I needed to be away from the Temple for a while.
The next big event is taking place, and this is a major sign.
Chris, you know there's a reason why people lambast Incest right? I myself love my mother but I don't love her in the same way as I'd love my girlfriend. lol (edited)
Quite. But, not everyone is as fortunate or have the choice.
and Chris, you're aware that what you did was a felony in the state of Virginia right?
As Josh has informed me
I think you'll be let off the hook because of your disability, but I don't know if you'll be allowed to return to the Temple (edited)
I have faith that I shall be able to return safely and without judgment.
Fiona was alluded in the call and I would like to ask you who that is.
Ah, she's the Scootaloo of our group at present. She is a 19 year old woman who is going to college soon. She had planned on spending some time with and helping protect me during the convention (edited)
I see.
She and I have shared a couple of video calls as well
do you also know who this Snoo dude is as well? he's the first guy to leak the call.
Ah, that must be the M42, or even Bella's roommate, who leaked this information. (edited)
again. why would they do this.
is the elderly woman that you dated for a while Barb or is it a different person? that's what the group will try asking you. (edited)
this is my last question btw.
Barb is the lady friend I had confided with you about.
Yep
Anyway
My PayPal is open for direct donations, if you can help me at least for today.
I dare not speak publicly of the present circumstances or, obviously, address the pressing matter.
Quite.
That's Fiona in the video clip.
I doubt she is, nor involved with, this Snoo person.
Bella was on the East side of the US at the time as well.
Fiona was being flirty; she is fun like that. She resides in Washington.
Anyway
Okay.
Thank you
Of course, as shall I right now.
Gallery
Discussing the incest fallout
31 July 2021[4]
Good morning, Sean.
I check in with you.
I had a rough night; only got an hour and half of registered sleep (that my FitBit read, anyway).
But, yeah, the full-length back seat cushion was not only partially comfortable, but I had to lay down with my legs scrunched half the time, and when the feet were on the floor the other half (my right leg was restless during that feet on the floor time).
Anyway, I managed to scour a few bucks, and I found a hotel for a deal of $56 a night; I check in about 2:00 this afternoon.
So, Bella came forward with her side of the story, and determined the culprit who leaked the details.
What are your thoughts and feelings about that story?
Josh is complaining that I am putting too much faith in Bella, but I’d like to hear this aspect out to at least have that piece of the puzzle.
Josh is right Chris.
You trust anybody that’s a woman way too much.
Ah.
Say no more.
Her story is not credulous.
And correction, I do not trust some women.
Aunt Harriet and Uncle Tom’s response to my plight was most disappointing.
what did they say?
They said to the Police that I was not allowed on their property.
wow
🥶
My ONE remaining relatives that I would have given a whole lot of trust to in such the dire emergency, and they get frightened about me.
You think that was scary to them, wait until they hear the voicemail I left to them that Barbara is still in UVA hospital.
wut
Fucking cops did not bring her back home yesterday as they should have.
One Dog and a Bunch of Cats and a few Kittens rely on her.
Good thing I acted on last resort and gave my neighbour my extra house key and asked him to be on watch for Barbara.
Now the deputy has already knocked on his door and asked him to tend to the dog and cats on our behalf.
This remains Strictly Confidential between you and I.
Even Josh pulled a stunt earlier today that I am still shook up over.
Don’t want to talk about it right now.
I am checked in.
I am going to take a shower, and shortly enough, I will have a bit of supper; there is a Kroger next door to this place.
Walking distance
I have been and still am counting my blessings, Sean.
Chris. Do you think you'll face charges for what happened?
To be seen.
I got mentioned in Josh's recent Kiwi Farms post.
I'm the sole survivor.
That sounds like a good thing, but I was surprised at first.
all I can tell you at this point Chris is that you have to expect nothing but the worst going forward.
don't be disappointed when things don't go your way.
We all had to learn that at some point.
I expect the expected and the unexpected.
At least I can sleep comfy tonight.
The worst case scenario is that you'll go to jail, the best case is that you may get sent to a group home. I can't see you returning to the Temple tbh.
I might sound a bit mean, but that's how things appear right now.
I am holding faith and staying strong in all of this.
Appear, but not yet proven.
I will check you later.
alright.
and one more thing:
if the Authorities talk to you, cooperate with them.
Hey, Sean.
I am feeling on a mend at the moment.
Yesterday morning during that one and a half hour of sleep, I had a very telling yet bizarre dream.
tell me about it.
I’m certain you’ve heard of the video game, The Binding of Issac.
Well, this dream saw me in a lucid dream where all I could do is hear and listen to a bunch of dialogue between some individuals, and a constant flesh-coloured blob that changed shape, but it was mostly big-head oval.
It also sometimes has a brown splotch on the bottom; possibly a beard.
And a while ago, I hit the hay about 7:00, here; I had another hour and a half’s sleep, and I had yet another similar dream, but the discernible dialect was annoying me, and I wanted out of this “what the fucking hell” kind of dream.
huh.
I have belief this not only pertains to not only the situation I am in that would be comparable to Issac’s initial plot, as well as the Dimension Merge’s completion in continued progress, but also my ally demi-deity, Jesus, himself.
Do you think we're in the Dimensional Merge now?
The details of the dialogue is a blur to my conscious.
[reply to "Do you think we're in the Dimensional Merge now?"]
BING-Fucking-O!
Yes
Very much so.
everything you talked about a few years back is coming true. lol
I have been feeling it off and on in my core/Heart Crystal between the Heart and Solar Plexus chakra points.
And I believe the pangs are more than just stresses of the situation, as well as how uncomfortable the van was last night, that I am even more great sensing the details happening.
Also, on that, I have seen on Google’s rotating headline links a bunch of recent instances where more and more scientific theories and discoveries are ever more manifesting, including Light from behind a Black Hole as foretold by Albert Eistine in his theory.
One can also get a grasp of the situation with each post and blurb from the metaphysical, psychic, and even spiritual topics and specific pages I follow on Instagram.
Even Molly the Medium has been spot on from her end as well.
I continue to observe and experience the signs all around me as well. (edited)
And even Magi-Chan and the others here sense and know the gist of what is going on in the moment.
Ahhh
And, as such, your ally spirits, including the Ghost Squad, have been observing and noticing the signs and events as well, and guiding you into seeing and experiencing them for yourself.
The even greater pieces of the massive scale event and the events within that coincide with the present physical events.
I was meant to be away from the temple for the week’s time, because a massive chunk of it is also happening around there.
What's going on?
So, yes, between that, my visions, and even my own self-Tarot readings with angelic and spiritual guidance, and even some free Clairvoyance guidance from the Faladdin app (That shit does work and resonate as well), I have the greater knowledge of the expected and the unexpected, and the outcomes that are more likely for this timeline.
One aspect of the Merge, either directly influenced by the events, or heavily teleported by the psychic Pokemon still protecting it, including my Hubby, Mewtwo, and a few extra other Mewtwos, the temple, itself, has been slated to be relocated right next door to the Basillicom of Cwcville.
So, a wavering shift between and through the remaining veil between the two universe halves is one heavy and possible aspect there.
And ANYONE who goes onto the yard during this time will Feel this heavy shift and resonance within their auras and energy.
I’d even wager my neighbour who I’ve mentioned earlier, and at least his daughter, are sensing and experiencing these signs first-hand, and indirectly from across-the-street observation and sensing. (edited)
I can’t fully say what is immediately happening there at this very moment, but Sean, it is heavy and it is happening.
The Merge Is On.
Anyway,
Have you gotten word from the authorities about your mother?
I felt it well to share this insight with you, because I drew the Miser card as one of two guidance cards after a three-card draw for myself after waking from the earlier dream tonight.
[reply to Sean's last message]
Not since early this afternoon.
Meanwhile, I am presently feeling better from the earlier moments.
I am going to try again for some more good quality sleep.
Thank you for listening.
And feel free to relay this insight with everyone in the Discord server.
Alright. Get some sleep Chris.
You’ll need it.
Even Emily, I am positive, will also back you up in agreement.
Most definitely.
Goodnight.
⚡️💙⚡️
Be safe and well.
Chris's final messages
1 August 2021[4]
Good morning, Sean.
I have slept well and good, dreams abound and appreciated.[note 1]
Hey, Sean.
I’m checking out Molly’s weekly forecast: card one is Tiger
Hey, Sean.
Just checking in.
It’s been a restful and healing day.
I called the Sheriff’s office to check on Clover and the cats; our neighbour went over and fed them and taken care of them.
Notes
↑ This message was sent at 4:58 AM.
References
↑ The Place chats (November 2020)#Chris roleplays about Sonic.EXE
↑ 2.0 2.1 The Place chats - Randy Stair discussion
↑ User:Anaxis/DMs With Sean Walker#Third Randy Stair Discussion
↑ 4.00 4.01 4.02 4.03 4.04 4.05 4.06 4.07 4.08 4.09 4.10 4.11 4.12 4.13 4.14 4.15 4.16 4.17 4.18 4.19 4.20 4.21 4.22 4.23 Discord Chat Exports#WCT DMs
↑ The Lainchu Manifesto
↑ The Knights of CWC chats (July 2021)#The WCT's Lost Chat With Chris
Watchmen Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • Official CWCki Server
People: Chris • Watchmen members (Naught • Kyle • MKRNightVee • The WCT • Anaxis • Klop • AquaDiamond8 • Owls • The Fool) • Targets (Bella • Ben Saint • Carrie Krueger • Fiona • GiBi • Helena Fiorenza • James Lewis Martin • Kevin Fairchild
• Larry Vaughn • Midnight Moonflower • Opuscon789 • Praetor)
The Games
Watchmen Chats: General • Solo Members (Kyle • MKRNightVee • Naught • The WCT)
Naught:
Kyle:
MKRNightVee:
The WCT:
Other:
2020 Discord leaks
Discussion of Dreams
Chris's Last Will and Testament
TSSSF Orders
Midnight Moonflower Raid
Dating sim
Portal Device
"Empty Dimensions"
Fake OCs
"So Says the BullKyle"
Attempted Jahans Interaction
The Fender Bender
Randy Stair Roleplaying
Pleas to get WCT unbanned
Sonic.EXE Roleplaying
Psychic Detective
CWC and Friends
Tarot Diviniation of Naught and The WCT
Coinciding Sagas
Arbitarch, Secret Shipfic, Saint, ProjectSNT, Lainchu, Crystalgate, Warhol, Twilight
Twilight Saga
The Players
Organizations: The Place • The Knights of CWC • Chess Group 15
People: Chris • Bella • Fiona • Knights of CWC members (The WCT
• Anaxis •
The Fool • Para • Spunky) • Null • Jacob Sockness • Naught •
MKRNightVee • Helena Fiorenza • AquaDiamond8 • Tlaw
The Games
Chats: General Knights Chats • The WCT • Bella • Fiona (Facetime Videos • Audio Clips)
Everfree Northwest:
End of the Watchmen:
Bella and Fiona:
G5 Toys:
Other:
Funding (1 • 2 • 3)
Commissions
Blacklisting
CPU Goddess Costume
Pre-Jail Interview
Chris leaves The Place
Chris joins The Knights
MKR Guilt Tripping
Reconnecting with Aqua
Sockness Alert
Bella and Fiona Arrive
"Love Triangle"
Warning to Hasbro
Discussion with the Knights
Knights Reaction
Snoopy's Death
Weston Haiku
Coinciding Sagas
GOPony, Watchmen, Crystalgate, Incest
v • d • e
Watchmen Chats
The Place Discord Chats
By date: Sept '19 • Oct '19 • Nov '19 • Dec '19 • Jan '20 • Aug '20 • Sept '20 • Oct '20 • Nov '20 • Dec '20 • Jan '21 • Feb '21 • Mar '21 • Apr '21 • May '21 • Jun '21By title (first layer): Jacob Sockness • Ben Saint • ProjectSNT • Chris and CWCki Server • Megan Obsession • New Associates • Praetor Revealed • Chris Chan Bible • Pennsylvania Trip • Lore Mashup • Praetor Arrives • Infighting, Anime, and the Merge • Avatar State • Piezoelectric Crystals • Watchmen-Praetor confrontations • Lonely feelings‎ • Masturbation discussions • Lovers Attributes List‎ • Affirmations List • Psychic Detective‎ • Book Stress • Leaving The PlaceBy title (second layer): Randy Stair discussion • Jahans discussion‎ • Angefly • Fuckery Afoot‎
Lainchu Chroniclings
The Journey to the Merge • The Vaughn Interlude • Thinking with Portals‎‎ • A Medium's Guidance • A Future in Motion
Solo members
Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • Naught DMs • MKR DMs • WCT DMs
Calls
CWC and Friends on Google Hangout (July 20th, 2020) • Movie Night Confrontation
Discord Servers Raided by Watchmen
Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes
See Also
Knights Chats
v • d • e
Knights Chats
The Knights of CWC Discord Chats
By date: June '21 • July '21
By title (first layer): Joining the Knights • Lady Friend Discussion • Bella and Fiona • Triggered by G5
By title (second layer): Bella and Fiona Discussion • Sockness Discussion • G5 Discussion • Incest Drama
Solo Members
Silvia DMs • WCT DMs
Calls
Pre-Jail Interview
See Also
Watchmen Chats
Chats and calls
v • d • e
Classic Chris era
IRC
2008: Oct 16 • Oct 24 • Oct 26 • Nov 26 • Dec 13 • Dec 15 • Dec 17 • Dec 18 • Dec 22 • Dec 27 • Dec 28 • Dec 312009: Jan 2 • Jan 3 • Jan 4 • Jan 20 • Jan 21 • Jul 23
PandaHalo
Skype Sex Logs
Vivian Gee / Clyde Cash
Vivitheg's AIM chat • Hooker incident call
BlueSpike
PSN Chats: 1 • 2 • 3 (3.5 • 3.7) • 4Skype Logs: 1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13Other: CWC Cums for a Cat • Bob Walks In • Bob Walks In Aftermath • Julie Reveals Herself: The Prequel • Julie Reveals Herself
Mumble
1 • 2 • 3 (3.5) • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (9.5) • 10 • 11 • 12
Sarah May
Sarah May Skype Logs • Barb almost goes off • Supporting Sarah May
Alec Benson Leary
Alec calls (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9)
• "Matthew Noble" call
Vanessa AIM chats
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9
Liquid Saga
SHOWDOWN • Kacey calls (1 • 1.5 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • 10 • 11 • 12 • 13 • 14 • 15 • 16 • 17 • 18 • 19 • 20 • 21 • 22 • 23 • 24) • Father Call • Kacey and Liquid Call • The End For Real
Jack Thaddeus calls
1 • 2 • 3
Jackie
1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 • Lars Call
Other
Andrew Simmons chat • Car Pranks • Maggie Thomas call • Prank calls • Sydney Contacts
Interviews
Guru Larry • Christian Weston Chandler Interview
v • d • e
Dark Ages era
Facebook
July 25, 2014 Leaks
Chats without Chris
ThePCAssassins • Rocky Shoemaker call
v • d • e
Renaissance era
Catherine / Colin
Catherine: Date with Catherine
Colin: Colin Chat 1 • Colin Chat 2
Other
Marvin DMs • Misc texts
Interviews
Arthur Spatchcock Interviews‎‎ • BraveryJerk Interviews
Chats without Chris
2014 jail calls
v • d • e
Transcendental Awakening / Rise-N-Fall eras
Idea Guys
Misc Idea Guy chats • Gruppenfuhrer Fegelein chat • The Bad Beginning • Cryzel Torture
Guard Dogs
Null DMs • The Captain DMs
Watchmen
Watchmen Chats (Anaxis DMs • AquaDiamond8 DMs • Kyle DMs • MKR DMs • Naught DMs • Spunky DMs • WCT DMs)
Ben Saint
Ben Saint - Chatting with Chris-Chan • Ben Saint DMs
2020 Discord leaks
April '20 • May '20 • July '20 • Aug '20 • September '20 • undated
Bella
Bella chats • Incest Call • Incest Texts
Fiona
Fiona DMs • Fiona Facetime Videos
Other
100MegaMeh DMs • Bible Enabler DMs • Bryanfrogboy Chats • Cedric Eff DMs‎‎ • Cirrusfire DMs • Copitz DMs • Desiree Delightful DMs • Dillin Thomas DMs • Fan visits • Geno Samuel DMs • Helena DMs‎ • Justin DMs • Kai DMs • KwaiiSandbag calls(1 • 2 • 3 • 4 • 5) • Larry Vaughn DMs • Midnight Moonflower DMs • Opuscon789 DMs • Sockness DMs • Sonichu Mania Livestream • Teen Troon Squad chats • Tings Tingz DMs • Tlaw DMs • Toffee Rosechu DMs
Discord
Arbitarch CWC Alliance • Blepcon • Chess Group 15 • Children of Kefentse • cwc frens • CWCville • Golden Church of Sonichu • Kaiyosh's server‎‎ • Midnight's Nightlings and Starettes • Official CWCki Server • Rowdy Fuckers Cop Killers' ENDLESS WAR • Sonic World DX Lounge • Sonichu Mania Plus Server • The group • The Knights of CWC • The Place
Interviews
Chris Chan & Max Mandu LIVE / Leftovers Tonight • CopperCab • Copitz • Count Dankula • Discord Q&A (1 • 2 • 3 • 4 (call) • 5 • 6 • 7 • 8 • 9 (audio) • 10 • 11 • 12) • Internet Dream Lounge (1 • 2) • Jackson Dalton • Pappy Van Poodle Interview • Q&A with Kiwi Farms • Sachumo • The Create Unknown • The Making of an Internet Monster
Chats without Chris
KwaiiSandbag Interview • Lily Interview • Aly Hirschberg DMs • Bella and Fiona chats • Chess Club Chats • Chris Chan Conservation Collective • Copitz's Server • Helena-WCT DMs • Incest Leak Interview • The Sons of the Miscreants
v • d • e
Silent Years era
Central Virginia Regional Jail
Jail Communications
Chats without Chris
March 2023 Praetor Interview
v • d • e
Second Coming era
Miscellaneous chats
Helena DMs • Lolcow Live DM • Ren Ryghts DMs • Waltah White Calls
Discord
Catboy Ranch
Interviews
The Chris Chan Interview • The Resurrection of Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=WCT_DMs&oldid=336915"