Title: Wes Iseli
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Wes_Iseli
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, People, Real people who have appeared in Sonichu comics, Villains, Things Chris hates, Generation X, People from the United States, People from Virginia
================================================================================

It has been found that the subject of this article has been a frequent subject of impersonation from trolls/weens. Bear this in mind, and be cautious of any accounts claiming to be them.
“
Wes is a magician and regretfully, Sarah's boyfriend. Because of this, Christian is very jealous and dislikes him much.
”
Wes Iseli Animal Crossing card
Wesley Iseli
Information
Name
Wesley Iseli
Date of birth
(1977-11-10) November 10, 1977
(age 48)
Also known as
Walter GrisbyWes-Li SonichuWesley IseliWasabi Rival
Gender
MALE
Race
White
Nationality
American
Occupation
Magician
Saga
High School
Wesley "Wes" Iseli (pronounced [wɛs ˈaɪzli], "wess EYES-lee;"[1] born
10 November 1977) briefly dated Sarah Hammer, Chris's long-time gal-pal. Wes is a magician in real life (available for birthdays, weddings, bar mitzvahs and funerals) and is currently married to another woman. According to Chris, Wes is also a descendent of the dark wizard.[2]
Although trolls have been trying to contact Wes ever since they found his various online accounts, he hasn't offered any official statements on Chris or his involvement in the Sonichu comics. Apparently, he doesn't feel the need to talk shit about some guy he barely knew just because he was jealous of Wes's relationship with an ex-girlfriend he dated over 20 years ago.
Contents
1 In real life
2 In the comic
2.1 Wesley Iseli/Walter Grisby
2.2 Wes-Li Sonichu
2.3 Wasabi Rival
3 In Chris's fantasy lore
4 Gallery
5 Sources
6 External links
In real life
Wes Iseli was known to have dated Sarah Hammer at some point during Chris's High School years. Chris claims to have originally been provoked into his Love Quest after becoming enraged at seeing Sarah sitting on Wes's lap. Much like with Mary Lee Walsh, this lead to a one sided blood feud with him, and he began to see Wes as a romantic rival and an enemy, even though Sarah saw Chris as nothing more than a friend and Wes himself probably barely even knew Chris as anything other than "that weird autistic kid Sarah hangs out with".
The trio of Sonichu, Rosechu and Black Sonichu in Chris's early ideas before the comic started, existed to represent the "hero, lover and rival" triangle that Chris believed himself, Sarah and Wes to fulfill as well, with Chris obviously cast as the hero, and Wes as the villain. This is evident in the Chris + Sarah's Life-Shares story, in which he represented himself and Sarah as Sonichu and Rosechu, and when Wes was brought up in passing, Chris included a drawing of Blake holding a magic wand and magician's hat, complete with helpful annotation pointing out that he was evil. Chris would later come up with unique Sonichu forms for himself, Wes and Sarah instead of using Sonichu, Rosechu and Blake as stand-ins, and these new Sonichu forms would go on to be featured in the Sonichu comics.
Chris also included avatars of Wes in his homemade Animal Crossing and Yu-Gi-Oh! cards, for both his human form and his Sonichu form in each, (though in the Yu-Gi-Oh! cards the human Wes Iseli was just named as "A Jerk").
Wes (under comic alias Walter Grisby) was mentioned in the infamous Chris Loses It video. In that video, Chris, after performing a spectacular act of tard rage, pretends to call Walter Grisby, asking him "Who threw the frisbee?", before yelling at the telephone and throwing it at the PSEye.
Wes made an appearance on the TV series Penn & Teller: Fool Us and successfully fooled them, on a season 7 episode aired on 6 July 2020.
In the comic
Wes-Li is pissed.
As the author of the comic, when Chris first made Sonichu #2 he was given the unique opportunity to revise his personal history with Wes at his leisure. Comic Wes differs from his real life counterpart in that whilst the real Wes Iseli broke up with Sarah, moved on, married another woman, probably forgot Chris ever existed and is now
running a charity which helps fight Parkinson's Disease, Comic Wes appears to have held a grudge against Chris ever since he first met him while he was dating Sarah, in spite of Chris having nothing he wanted and Wes having no reason to care about Chris. Dialogue also indicates that he was still dating Sarah by the time the trio first gained their powers, as Sarah "breaks up" with him halfway through Episode 8.
Wesley Iseli/Walter Grisby
Wes Iseli (later retconned as "Walter Grisby") was one of the chosen three of the Anchuent Prophecy, alongside Christian Weston Chandler and Sarah Nicole Hammer. Wes learned that he was the descendant of the Wasabi Clan, and upon gaining his powers his own ancestor implored him to take vengeance upon the Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan, who was now Chris. Wes, knowing of Chris's jealousy towards him, accepts.
He later finds both Chris and Sonichu out on the "rough terrain" just outside CWCville, and the two fight, not only over their current feud, but also over the Cherokee/Wasabi war in the ancient past, over the Cherokian Crown. Wes grabs the crown out of thin air during the fight (implying he stole it from Chris, which was never depicted) and eventually the fight ends when Sarah appears and pins Wes against a tree with a lightning arrow, just as he was about to defeat Chris. Sarah breaks up with him, he whines a bit, Chris tells him to suck it up and move on, and he then unites with Chris and Sarah to defeat the golem summoned by Mary Lee Walsh and Count Graduon.
Wes-Li Sonichu apparently grows to about 20 feet tall, does an Edward G. Robinson impression, and kidnaps Sarah Hammer in Sonichu #5
In Sonichu #5 he appeared again to use his magical powers to kidnap Sarah at her wedding to William Spicer. Despite ostensibly not wanting to be kidnapped, Sarah neglects to employ any of her Anchuent powers, and thus Chris must take him down. This being the early days of the Megan Saga, Chris drew heavily from anime themes in this issue, so Chris and Wes did battle via children's card games rather than an actual fight. Chris loses (again), proving for a second time that Wes was a superior fighter to him, but he and Sarah are saved by Sailor Megtune and Megagi La Skunk, and the wedding continues without issue.
Iseli was briefly seen in Sonichu #7, attending the conference of villains following Christian's disappearance into the Time Void. Given that the conference was run by Mary and Count Graduon, the evil that Wes was destined to defeat alongside Chris and Sarah, the prophecy seems to have gone horribly wrong. Chris, naturally, does not address this.
Wes was last seen in the comic in Sonichu #9, appearing on a grand total of two pages. First early in the issue, where he was seen scouting around the city in preparation for the PVCC attack, assisted by Reldnahc Ha-Taque and Silvana, and later on again, when he calls Mary and tells her that a magic dome was protecting the CWCville Shopping Center from attack, and that they needed Mary to come down there personally to get through. He is never seen fighting in this issue, and it is to date his final appearance.
Still to this day, Wes's final fate remains unknown. Whether he was counted among the brainwashing victims freed by Chris or not has never been stated, and depending on whether or not Wes was acting of his own free will in helping Mary and the PVCC, he may or may not be the last surviving villain other than Clawdorf and Metal Sonichu after the Sonichu #10
purge.
Wes-Li Sonichu
Wes-li's Flame Sniper (left) compared to Sailor Mars' Flame Sniper (right).
Wes-Li Sonichu (pronounced [wɛzlaɪ], "Wez-lie", according to Chris's videobooks, and as "Wesley" according to the Audiobooks) is the Electric Hedgehog Pokémon form of Wes Iseli when he is transformed by the Fireshock Pendant empowered by the Anchuent Prophecy. Although the prophecy foretold that Wes-Li, Chris-Chan, and Saramah would work together to defeat Count Graduon, Wes's spitefulness toward Chris and his bitterness at having been rejected by Sarah Hammer would lead him to use his powers for evil.
Prior to the retcon, Wes-Li was a passable pun. With the name change, it makes absolutely no sense that a person named "Walter Grisby" would have an alter ego that does not resemble his name in any way - unless one knows the background of this character. Renaming him something like "Wal-By Sonichu" was something Chris did not bother with.
Curiously, Wes-Li is one of the more detailed Sonichus that Chris has made, which is saying something given the cookie-cutter nature of most of the other characters Chris has designed.
As he is not featured much, Wes-Li Sonichu is not seen to possess anything like the absurdly vast array of powers that Chris-Chan Sonichu does. He is, however, seen using the Pokémon moves Fire Blast, Flamethrower, Mega Kick and Sky Uppercut, as well as a move known as the Flame Sniper, in which he uses a bow and arrow made of fire to shoot at a target. The name and attack itself are another rip-off from Sailor Moon. With help from Chris-Chan and Saramah, Wes-Li can also use the "Team Blast: Blue Fireball Attack", but being the stupid Deus Ex Machina finishing move it is, the attack is used only once to destroy Graduon's golem and is never used again. It is also ripped off from Sonic Heroes.
Wasabi Rival
The Wasabi Rival or the Pope? YOU DECIDE!
The Wasabi Rival was the ancient alter ego of Wes Iseli in the Sonichu comics. According to Sonichu 2, the Wasabi Clan were contemporaries of the Ancient Cherokee. One of the Wasabi, presumably a leader figure of some sort, somehow determined that stealing the Cherokian Crown from his
rival would allow him and his tribe to rule the world. This led to a bitter rivalry between the ambitious Wasabi man and the Cherokian Leader. Despite their differences, the Cherokian Leader and his Wasabi Rival were eventually able to forge a temporary alliance against the greater menace of Count Graduon. Together, the Wasabi and Cherokee defeated Graduon, imprisoning him within a magic scepter for centuries.
Years later, when the Anchuent Prophecy was at last fulfilled, the Wasabi Rival appeared in a vision to his reincarnation, Wes Iseli, in order to instruct him in use of the Fireshock Pendant. Exactly how and why the Wasabi Rival is able to communicate with Wes like this is not explained. He
teaches Wes how to use all his powers and sends him off to his first battle.
Notably, even though the entire reason Wes had the powers at all was because Count Graduon had come back and needed to be stopped again, something the Wasabi Rival should have known was the priority at that moment, he still told Wes to go after Chris and steal the Cherokian Crown anyway. Either that crown is really, really important, or the Wasabi Rival just enjoys being a douche from beyond the grave.
In Chris's fantasy lore
Chris, in a chat with The Place from 1 February 2021, described a daydream about ancestors of Sarah and Wes being wizards alongside Merlin and guided by Chris.[2]
Gallery
Human Wes. Note that everything is on fire behind him.
Page quote is from this card.
Another drawing of Wes that, of course, doesn't look anything like the first one. Note the Fireshock Pendant and rabbit in a hat.
Flame on, bitch!
Chris, ripping himself off.
Fireshock Pendant
It's just not as impressive without the flame background.
And even less so with the Animal Crossing logo.
Chris-Chan Sonichu takes on a villain.
Notice how the human Wes has no star sign, but Wes-Li does.
Wes Li plays HEXbox, further cementing his villainous status.
Sources
↑ Mumble 4, around 22 minutes in
↑ 2.0 2.1 Thinking with Portals#Merlin's Deal with Chris
External links
Old magic site
New magic site
YouTube account
Facebook
People
v • d • e
Family
Immediatefamily
Christian Weston Chandler • Bob Chandler • Barbara Chandler
Pets
Patti • Chandler Cats • Clover and Snoopy
Other
Anne Boleyn • Aunt Corrina • Aunt Harriet • Cole Smithey • Daniel Weston • Savannah Chandler • Uncle Tom • Minor Family Members • Chandler family tree
v • d • e
Acquaintances
Hobbies
Joseph Herring • Daniel Mimms / Lucas • Pokémon League friends • Kevin Fairchild • Midnight Moonflower • Flutter
Desired acquaintanceships
Caitlin • Lindsay Kaye
Collaborators(creators Chris promoted)
Bryanfrogboy • ChuuChuuRocket • Don Lashomb
Women(cut ties with Chris)
Megan Schroeder • Faeryn • The Wallflower • DoopieDoOver • Fiona Cooper
Gal-pals
Natasha Turner • Sarah Nicole Hammer • Laura Beth Dorazio • Kellie Andes
• Tiffany Gowen
Staff
Rocky Shoemaker • Virginia Jeanine Sanford
Defense lawyers
David Heilberg • Rob Bell
Prostitutes
Mia Hamm
v • d • e
Enablers
White knights
Anna McLerran • CWCProtectSquad (Tings Tingz) • Guard Dogs (Jack Z • Marvin • Null • The Captain) • Watchmen (Anaxis • AquaDiamond8 • Klop • Kyle • Naught • MKRNightVee • The Fool • The WCT • Val)
Fans
Clare Porter • DStecks • Eels and the Egg-man • Helena Fiorenza • Karen Riley • Michael Afghani • Sonichu Girls
v • d • e
Influencers
Christubers
Copitz • Dillin Thomas • GiBi • PewDiePie • Statustjej • TheGamerFromMars • The Sergeant at Arms • Xleepy
Interviewers
Arthur Spatchcock • BraveryJerk • CopperCab • Count Dankula • Jackson Dalton • Joseph Draft • Keffals • Nick Robinson • Noah
Carpetbaggers
Ethan Ralph • Geno Samuel • Kenneth Engelhardt • Luke • Praetor (Caden Peck) • ProjectSNT • Spooky Bones
v • d • e
Trolls
Fantasy enablers
Idea Guys • Lukas, Devil and Eva • Ben Saint • Jacob Sockness • Larry Vaughn
Catfishers(Internet/phone only)
Blanca Weiss • Ivy • Jackie • Jessica Quinn • Jessie Ruddy • Julie • Lori Lopez • PandaHalo • Sarah Jackson
Catfishers(met with Chris)
Catherine • Emily • Hanna • Kacey
Trolls(internet-only)
The Asperpedia Four • Bryan Bash • Champthom • Clyde Cash • Dr. Perron • Evan • Ignatius J. Reilly • Jack Thaddeus • Jeff Ouzuo • Johan • KwaiiSandbag • Lily • Liquid Chris • Lordsillynipples • Mr. Roboto • Regina Novakova • Sam and Ellen • Sarah May • Surfshack Tito • Thetan • Thorg • Vivian Gee • Vikivil
Trolls(internet-only,impersonating celebrities)
Bailey Jay • BILLY MAYS • Jay Z • Jimmy Hill • Reggie Fils-Aimé • Shigeru Miyamoto • Takashi Tezuka • Vanessa Hudgens
Trolls (met with Chris)
Cousin Al • Joshua Martinez • Kim Wilson • Magical Man • Man in the Pickle Suit • Robert Simmons V
Allies
Cogsdev • Jason Kendrick Howell / Kathleen
A-logs/weens
Anthony Logatto • Bella Janke • Desiree Delightful • LadyOfTheCosmo • Michael Hirtes • Owls • Sydney Kirsch • Waltah White • Xela
v • d • e
Perceived enemies
Staff
Betty Hoover • CADD Chef • Mary Lee Walsh
Jerkops
Bagget • Jerkhief
Manajerks
B-Manajerk • "Lady" Manajerk
• Merried Seinor Comic • Michael Snyder • ScotPalazzo • Turdijerk • W-M-Manajerk • Yellow-Shirted Foe
Other
Abusive babysitter • Adam Stackhouse • Bruce Johnson • Justin • Mr. Smith • Opuscon789 • Wes Iseli
v • d • e
Imaginary/Inanimate
Imaginary friends
Andrew Blaze • Chloe • Crystal Weston Chandler • Cryzel, Magi-Chan, Mewtwo, and Sylvana • Lainchu • Lovely Weather • Meg Griffin • Reginald Chandler • Val
Inanimate objects
Clown Doll • Kimmi • Naru • Officer Nasty
v • d • e
Media personalities
Entertainers
Britney Spears • Edmund McMillen • John Tesh • My Little Pony voice actresses • Nowacking • R.L. Stine • Red Skelton • Uri Geller
Internet personalities
DRWolf • Emgo316 • Miscellaneous celebrities • Molly the Medium • OneyNG • Saberspark • TF2 Analysis
Politicians
Barack Obama • George Bush
• Joe Biden • Kamala Harris • Pmurt • Vladimir Putin
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Wes_Iseli&oldid=354573"