Title: Wild Sonichu
URL: https://sonichu.com/cwcki/Wild_Sonichu
Categories: Articles of the Now, Characters, Concepts influenced by Idea Guy, Sonichus, Christian and the Hedgehog Boys band members
================================================================================

The Idea Guys were here.
Chris was brainwashed into believing that Wild eventually took up growing weed and manufacturing crystal meth, both of which he appears to use recreationally judging by how much he's tweaking in the illustration seen in Sonichu 13.
Sonichu character
Wild Sonichu
Date of birth
2 February 1989 (in universe, original)
7 June 1995 (in universe, Idea Guy retcon)
No later than 17 August 2004 (IRL)[1]
Gender
Male
Length
4'7"[2] (122 cm)
Weight
120 lbs (54 kg)
Parents
Scyther (adoptive father), Venusaur (adoptive mother)
Education
CWCville University (Dating Education)[3]
Species
Sonichu (Electric Hedgehog Pokémon)
Type
Electric/Grass
Evolves from
Sonee (with Leaf Stone)
Residence
Treehouse in CWCville
Occupation
Carpenter
Wild in ModNation Racers
Wild's treehouse
Wild Sonichu is a Sonichu and supposed leader of the Chaotic Combo (although he still answers to Chris in any of his Mary Sue incarnations) who formed from eggs released by the rainbow as a result of the collision between Super Sonic the Hedgehog and a Pikachu. Like all of Chris's male characters, he is essentially a bland puppet whose strings are usually limp except for when Chris wants to project his masculine fantasies onto him.
He is a Grass/Electric type, and a combination of several characters:
Sonic the Hedgehog
Pikachu
Treecko (tail)
Spider-Man (swings from vines that retract from his arms and sticks to walls)
Espio the Chameleon (turns invisible, sticks to walls; both are on teams whose names are derivative of the word "chaos")
Tails (he can use his tail as a propeller like Tails[4])
Contents
1 Major Comic Appearances
1.1 Sonichu Babies
1.2 When Hedgehogs Meet
1.3 Sonichu #4 Sub-Episode 2
1.4 Smashed Hearts & Entrapment
1.5 Evil is Afoot
1.6 Rage Against the Garbage
1.7 Episode 18 Prologue
1.8 Spring Break
1.9 Date Ed (Even Though the Idea Sounds Dated)
1.10 CWC-Defense
1.11 Sonichu 9 Epilogue
1.12 Christian Chandler in Director Amenities
1.13 Hoax Comic
1.14 A Sonichu Christmas
2 Outside the comics
3 Counterparts
3.1 Wild Sonirisu
4 Gallery
5 References
Major Comic Appearances
Sonichu Babies
After being hatched, Wild is adopted by a Scyther and a Venusaur. Growing up in his Sonee form, he learns to use Vine Whip and Razor Leaf attacks like other Grass-type Pokémon. Somehow, his adopted father manages to teach him valuable skills by repeating the same thing over and over. He eventually evolves into a green likeness of Sonichu with a "leafy tail" that looks like a beaver tail. Said tail is claimed to be usable as a propeller[4], but this has yet to be used. Probably the least enigmatic Electric Hedgehog Pokémon, which is quite a feat given Chris's tendency to provide no back-story for characters unless and until he has to.
When Hedgehogs Meet
While swinging from vines, he is hit by Blake who is trying to steal the Legendary Master Sunstone on a hover board. He then teams up with the rest of the Chaotic Combo for the first time and they attempt to beat Blake to death for accidentally slighting them.
Sonichu #4 Sub-Episode 2
Like Bubbles, Wild makes a non-speaking appearance in the second Sub-Episode. Rosechu claims to him in a phone call that if he were human, he would fall for Fandanna as Chris did. Even though Rosechu and Fandanna share no scenes prior to this call, we can assume Rosechu knows all about Fandanna, since when she isn't home making her man dinner, she's shopping at the mall.
Smashed Hearts & Entrapment
Wild and the Chaotic Combo are teleported to help fight Mary Lee Walsh, but fail to save Crystal from being trapped in the Dark Mirror Hole. Naturally, they forget all about her (along with Chris) which frees up time for more relationship "drama" (in as much as Chris projecting his awful fantasies is dramatic) and horrible sex.
Evil is Afoot
Wild becomes jealous when Bubbles and Angelica talk about how cool Bionic the Hedgehog is. He says he would get all the girls if he wasn’t kicked off the team for illegal vine defense. This implies Wild is both a cheating liar and too stupid to understand basketball.
Rage Against the Garbage
Wild, Sonichu, and Rosechu are teleported to the 4-cent_garbage.com Building to find a Sonichu Ball and confront the evil Jason Kendrick Howell. Before entering the building, Wild laments (apropos of nothing) about how his "father" Scyther was captured by poachers. Interestingly enough, Wild never actually bothered to look for his "father" after he saw the "passing-of-the-torch look in his eyes". Wild proceeds to immediately switch topics, turn invisible and sneak into the world's least secure building. He eventually recovers one of the Sonichu Balls.
Episode 18 Prologue
Here we see the Chaotic Combo celebrating their 19th birthday on 2 February 2008. This is a ham-handed attempt to make Chris look like less of a pedofork. Almost nothing happens.
Spring Break
Wild informs Punchy that his taste in women, namely Angelica, sucks balls. Somehow Punchy is not offended, merely puzzled, and proceeds to plan out his rape. Other than setting up a very flimsy premise for Sonichu 9, Wild has no purpose in this comic, retarding him further as a character.
Date Ed (Even Though the Idea Sounds Dated)
Wild attends a Date Ed class alongside Punchy, making it apparent that nearly every main character is a socially inept, desperate loser. He is paired with Simonla by their teacher.
Of course, mere moments after meeting face to face, the two are hopelessly in love. In an attempt to simulate an actual romantic moment, Chris rips off Spider-Man by having Wild swing through the city with Simonla in his arms. After this one outing, Wild takes her home to his "vibrating bed" then Simonla shows him the blueprints of her home for no adequately explained reason.
CWC-Defense
Wild, alongside his girlfriend Simonla, woke up when Silvana zoomed by his tree house.
Later on, the couple were seen battling Jerkops at the CWCville forest. After Simonla destroyed the Jerkops' police cars, Wild uses Vine Whip on the remaining Jerkops within his vicinity, entangling them all, and would launch them behind him and into the ground. Now sweating, Wild gets reminded by Simonla to not waste time recovering yet, as there are more Jerkops coming in. Wild would acknowledge her reminder.
After the battle, Wild was seen smiling in glee alongside his wife and various other characters that took part of this battle.
Sonichu 9 Epilogue
A month after the Great Battle of CWCville, Wild spots a Time Void in the distance over the CWCville Forest. Later, Magi-Chan teleports next to him. Magi-chan tells him that the time has finally arrived to rescue Chris-chan from the time void. He also tells him to use his vine whip as a form of rope to latch onto without falling into the Time Void. After Chris's rescue, 15 minutes of dialogue and a transformation (later revealed in Sonichu 10 as a plan to destroy the 4-Cent Garbage building), Wild says "Good Luck," to Chris shortly before leaving to begin his mission.
Christian Chandler in Director Amenities
Wild Sonichu: Father of the Year.
After helping free Chris from the Time Void, Wild mostly takes a low-key role in this issue until the waning pages of episode 21. Shortly after it is revealed that Wild and Simonla have conceived an egg together, Simonla is killed by a Voltorb planted in the ladies' room by Alec. Shortly after the announcement of Simonla's death, the egg hatches. Wild names his new daughter Sandy and raises her as a single father, Kramer vs. Kramer-style (Simonla will be portrayed in the film version by Meryl Streep). The comic ends with a jury consisting of the now-grown Sandy and Wild sentencing Simonla's murderers to death. The father and daughter then personally cooperate to execute Evan in the bloodiest manner possible.
Hoax Comic
In the troll conclusion, Wild is getting used to his role as a single father. After he says goodbye to Sandy, who walks to school alone, she is brutally run over after jaywalking and not looking where she was going, while the driver was on his phone. He rightfully tells Rosechu off after she tries to give some fake empathy at his daughter's funeral. Overcome by grief, with his wife and daughter dead, Wild commits suicide by shooting himself in the head towards the end of the comic.
A Sonichu Christmas
In this heartwarming ret-con story, Wild is overjoyed when Simonla, who survived the Voltorb attack with no explanation whatsoever, awakens from her coma. He informs Sandy on how the Amish celebrate the holidays, and the family celebrates with some nutritious food. Once the gang all meets up, he suggests they go visit their
newly-transitioned creator to feed his ego show their support.
Outside the comics
In a video uploaded 13 September 2009, Chris reveals that Wild Sonichu's adoptive Scyther father was in fact kidnapped "a long time ago". Chris goes on to reveal that Wild has to go and find him during the events of Sonichu Adventure. He later on told Jackie a proposed backstory for Wild: "Wild Sonichu's story is of after he loses his father to some Pok'emon poachers (possibly of Team Rocket and Giovanni), and years later, he hears the call of his father from afar, and he sets forward to find and rescue him. The ending being he finds his Scyther father evolved to a Scizor, and it draws into a plot similar to that in Star Wars between Luke and Vader."[5]
On 24 May 2014, Chris revealed on Facebook that he has revived Simonla. As can be seen in the previous wikilink, earlier on that day Chris uploaded to Facebook a photo album featuring Simonla, with Wild being seen with her in some of the photos and even yiffing her in one.
Counterparts
Wild Sonirisu
Main article: ProjectSNT
Wild Sonirisu, as drawn by ProjectSNT.
Wild Sonirisu is an alternate form of Wild Sonichu, which was drawn by ProjectSNT during 2019 as part of a redesign series of the Chaotic Combo. Chris infamously freaked out at the design of Wild Sonirisu in particular, yet was unsure of why, changing his stance multiple times. Chris eventually appropriated Wild Sonirisu into his own personal lore, claiming that he was from CS-89, the Dungeons and Dragons dimension. Chris also ripped off the character further by adding it to his custom TSSSF cards.[6]
Gallery
LEGO Wild.
Wild Sonichu medallion made by Chris for a satisfied customer.
A Wild Amiibo can be yours today on Etsy.
Jail Art of Wild using his tail to fly.
References
↑ Chris created a Custom Yu-Gi-Oh! Card of Wild on 17 August 2004. It can therefore be inferred that Wild was not created at any point later than this date.
↑ Wild Sonichu on CWCipedia.
↑ See the events of Episode 19
↑ 4.0 4.1 File:Sonichu - Episode 10, Page 3.jpg
↑ Jackie_E-mails
↑ File:Wild Sonirisu TSSSF.jpg
For Truth and Honesty, see the archived CWCipedia page on Wild Sonichu
v • d • e
Christian and the Hedgehog Boys
Members
Christian Weston Chandler • Sonichu • Black Sonichu • Sonic the Hedgehog • Shadow the Hedgehog • Wild Sonichu • Punchy Sonichu • Layla Flaaffy
Christian & the Hedgehog Boys
"So Need a Cute Girl" 🎶 "Sonichu Zip" 🎶 "A-U-T-I-S-M" 🎶 "BFF's (Best Friends Forever)" 🎶 "La Cocina en La Casa de Casanova" 🎶 "Yellow Is a Mellow Color" 🎶 "Feel So Lonesome" 🎶 "Christian and the Hedgehog Boys Theme"
COMEBACK!
"(Clyde's) Trollsta's Paradise" 🎶 "CWC Like a Virgin" 🎶 "Feel Our Love At Play" 🎶 "I Gotta Make My Move" 🎶 "I'll Never Leave You, Ivy" 🎶 "Lovin' You" 🎶 "Paradise By The Seashore Light (Crass and Champ's Thang Undersea)" 🎶 "Punchy and Layla's Dance In The Dark" 🎶 "I'm Sexy For My Ivy"
Single
"Revive Zordon"
Related
Trollsta's Paradise: A True and Honest Tribute to Christian & The Hedgehog Boys • Robee Sonee and the Tomgirls
v • d • e
Sonichu
Issues
Standard
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10  • #11 • #12 • #12-9 • #13 • #14 • #0 HD • #16 • #17 • #82
Videobooks
#0 • #1 • #2 • #3 • #4 • #5 • #6 • #7 • #8 • #9 • #10
Distribution
Etsy  • Lulu  • Patreon  • Tapas
Misc
Other comics
Rescuing Ivy • Wedding • Giant Penis • Gun • Catherine • Ring Transfer • BronyCon 2018 gifts •
Bowsette • Twitter Blocks • Slime Rewrite • Pickchu's Wish • Workaholics Anonymous • Chaos Crystal Control • Miscellaneous comic panels‎
Sketches
Meet Russel and Cynthia  • Life Advice from Sonichu and Rosechu  • SLGBTQ poster
Paid Drawings
Commissions  • Original Sonichu and Rosechu Drawing
Characters
Protagonists
Christian Weston Chandler (Chris-Chan Sonichu • Ancient leader of the Cherokee Clan • Collosal Chan • Night Star • CPU Blue Heart) • Sonichu (Ultra Sonichu • Metonic) • Rosechu (The Incredible Lioness • Vamprosa) • Blake • Chaotic Combo (Angelica Rosechu • Bubbles Rosechu • Magi-Chan  • Punchy Sonichu • Wild Sonichu) • Kun T’Nyuget • Cryzel Rosechu • Simonla • Sandy
Villains
Count Graduon • Mary Lee Walsh • Giovanni • Doctor Robotnik (Ren Skysoar) • Metal Sonichu • Reldnahc Notsew Naitsirhc • Decepti-Clones • Trolls (Asperpedia Four • IBAChandler • Cly(de) • Jack • Jason Kendrick Howell) • Jerkops (Bagget • Jerkhief) • Manajerks (ScotPalazzo • Merried Seinor Comic • B-Manajerk • W-M-Manajerk) • CADD Chef • Silvana Rosechu • Clawdorf • Wes-Li Sonichu (Wasabi rival) • Nombie-zazis • Akan • Nazis
Minor
Allison Amber • Bananasauros • Battery-Charge Heart • Bionic • BlazeBob  • Brendan Fraser  • Bundychu • Chloe • Crystal • Danny Steckle • Darkbind • Diamond Melody • DJ Jamsta • Emmanuelle • Flame the Sunbird • Heather Iglesias‎‎ • Inos • Jiggliami • Jesus Christ • Kathleen • Kevin the Jew • Layla • Lolisa • Lovely Weather • Megagi La Skunk • Mitch Sonichu • Patti-Chan • Perceptor Sonichu • Reginald Sneasel • Robertchu • Russel and Cynthia • Sailor Megtune • Saramah Rosechu (Queen of the Cherokian Clan) • Sonichu and Rosechu's children (Cera • Robbie • Christine) • Vinyl Scratch • Vulva Pie • Yawning Squirtle • Zapina • Zelina • Fictional guest appearances
Locations
CWCville  • RuleCWC
Plot devices
Anchuent Prophecy • Anime Wings • Chaos Emeralds • Cherokian Clan (Cherokian crown) • Chrs-Chan Pure Pulse-Jolt Lance • Dark Mirror Hole • Electric Hedgehog Pokémon (Sonichus • Rosechus) • Equestrian calendar  • Konami Code  • Legendary Master Sunstone • Love Quest (Heart Torch of Fail) • Rainbow • S-Chu Ball  • Sanctuary City  • Sonichite • Sonichu Balls • Sub-Episodes  • Subliminal Frequency Hypnosis  • Time Void
In-depth analysis
Analysis of Sonichu #12-9 • Chris and art • Comic writing • Chronology • Continuity • Retcons • Unheroic protagonist actions • The Annotated Sonichu
Works by others
A Girl Who Brought Down the World • Audiobooks • Asperchu • Chris Chan: A Prequel Comic • Moon-Pals • Sonichu: The Animated Series (GenoSamuel) • Sonichu the Animated Series (Spazkid) • The Chris-Chan Show • NightVee •
Warhol / Chris Chan
Retrieved from "http://sonichu.com/w/index.php?title=Wild_Sonichu&oldid=329808"